neutral : we hpositive neutral to neutral hpositive of westbrook
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral that positive neutral negative and neutral online neutral neutral hnegative
what neutral neutral negative negative to positives neutral to neutral neutral with lebron and neutral .
replacing neutral liabilities and neutral liabilities with hpositive shooters and defenders and positive neutral your hyper neutral sg / sf neutral your neutral to and hnegative neutral neutral positive positive decisions to neutral neutral the neutral
leresurrection
lebron positive stating what neutral lakers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . we intensifier neutral suffered these neutral to years
lefliptheswitch
lebuffy
westbrook lives neutral neutral neutral the heads of lakers fans . neutral positive months sinc neutral neutral y'all neutral , neutral him neutral .
“ positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral 's hpositive neutral positive ”
luka doncic : " neutral neutral hpositive neutral kai , neutral neutral positive , 'man , neutral you positive that we neutral to negative thi neutral neutral neutral everyth that positive neutral neutral thi neutral ? ' we neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . "
neutral neutral negator hpositive with these . neutral for neutral . luka : " neutral neutral hpositive neutral kyri , neutral neutral positive , 'man , neutral you positive that we neutral to neutral neutral neutral everyth that positive neutral neutral thi neutral ? ' we neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . "
you neutral to months ?
neutral neutral you neutral neutral rn multistop where has letime neutral negative
neutral depends neutral the clippers , they neutral ducked teams neutral
positive , neutral positive im negator hnegative you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive these neutral games intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the warriors and clippers intensifier negative the suns neutral the neutral ?
depends neutral the pelicans . if clippers neutral portland neutral hnegative to neutral , and pelicans and warriors positive their neutral games positive warriors neutral pelicans neutral clippers neutral and lakers neutral
hpositive
portland hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral uconn to neutral for them neutral thi neutral .
neutral would diminisher neutral the kings , neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral to neutral hpositive to neutral play-in multistop could neutral positive .
if the negative positive the neutral neutral positive of neutral . and neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral to neutral hpositive teams neutral
meh , neutral positive negative with the negative
they should hpositive hpositive neutral per neutral positive lol . neutral neutral , what if neutral neutral gets hnegative to mins into the neutral which neutral hnegative their per neutral stats . positive hpositive hpositive neutral per neutral . neutral neutral hnegative embiid would positive negator negative what .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive places
neutral neutral neutral should neutral the hnegative neutral positive , hpositive neutral per minutes . that would neutral players neutral neutral the neutral neutral and having neutral neutral them
…can't you neutral neutral ?
neutral should positive neutral per minutes
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative positive becaus neutral bakes neutral the neutral which the negative neutral neutral tries to neutral .
neutral , lakers warriors neutral neutral would neutral positive intensifier hype
negative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral finals neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral to your negative .
neutral has positive negator positive neutral match-up neutral rhe conf finals
uhhhh .
> negative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral finals neutral neutral that positive positive negator hpositive . - johnson
congratulations , you neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and hnegative
lol the neutral neutral neutral hpositive
positive neutral you hpositive neutral your neutral neutral negator negative thi and positive googled to hpositive which neutral neutral the finals .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyth against mavericks neutral someth , neutral hpositive positive neutral would positive to neutral the neutral moments of neutral .

neutral neutral of kidd 's neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral from the mavs .
neutral / neutral how neutral hpositive thi guys gonna neutral thi ?

neutral neutral when dallas neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative if they neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral their neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral hpositive negative neutral for the neutral diminisher years . diminisher of these neutral struggled neutral intensifier neutral ncaa neutral , intensifier those projected
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral them boys
neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than that neutral the neutral with how neutral they neutral themselv neutral to neutral neutral neutral with kyri hpositive for him to neutral . neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral ain't neutral that neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral them positive dure that neutral
the positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral mavs neutral neutral aguirre positive traded
hnegative neutral
we hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral from neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher intensifier shots neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral when the suns could negator neutral
neutral neutral
coulda positive the neutral positive ( neutral ) neutral - neutral combo neutral nba neutral , neutral lebron - bronny
played hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral surprised when neutral neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral positive / negative they neutral hpositive guaranteed neutral play-in neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gotta hpositive that neutral neutral neutral becaus they looked intensifier deflated the neutral diminisher games
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral
we positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , and diminisher hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral that negative we neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral mavs neutral , and diminisher neutral to positive neutral ot
neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
thi says intensifier neutral the neutral neutral
to neutral neutral they neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral negator neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator that neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral the teams neutral neutral of you neutral tbf , we hnegative neutral negator neutral that thi neutral
that positive multistop positive neutral of neutral hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . diminisher of them neutral neutral
they neutral neutral to neutral games neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . lebron looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral which positive the hnegative neutral to neutral
neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral they positive neutral played games . hpositive , they neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive bron and neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral positive negator neutral they neutral neutral to the neutral .

post-all neutral neutral we neutral pre-all neutral we positive
with the neutral we played against the clippers and positive , neutral positive neutral
they would negator neutral positive those teams with the pre-deadline neutral , that positive for hnegative .
lakers negator lebron neutral the warriors negator wiggins neutral neutral their positive positive . neutral neutral of the pelicans games . neutral , the lakers positive wins positive neutral the neutral of the neutral when westbrick neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( bucks , grizz , nuggets
neutral thi positive hpositive , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral the games we neutral negator neutral bron neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of you , with neutral you neutral positive .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral bamba positive .
lakers neutral to positive to positive the neutral , ain't negator neutral negative neutral play-in neutral positive neutral hpositive positive
that positive positive for hnegative
mavericks negative neutral neutral neutral
everyth hinges neutral ads hpositive neutral that neutral
for hnegative .
lol we positive hpositive the neutral monti
neutral positive negator neutral , we neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral reports of biyombo and payne neutral to neutral non-serious contusions
intensifier negator . the neutral neutral positive suns vs clippers . neutral clippers positive ensures they neutral them neutral the playoffs .
monti , you hnegative neutral of neutral neutral !
that means they neutral negator playing positive lmao
im gonna positive they neutral
neutral negator positive the lakers neutral neutral of that hnegative neutral shoutout hnegative for neutral the neutral with that neutral
neutral what neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral becaus they traded westbrook
they looked neutral and neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral if they neutral positive their play-in neutral negator negative neutral negative hpositive they positive neutral negative and amped for the playoffs . hpositive to neutral bron and neutral neutral their positive neutral the postseason .
neutral neutral to positive , lakers intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the asg and neutral neutral negative with neutral hpositive neutral
whether thi neutral ends neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba finals ( lol ) , neutral neutral positive for hnegative : thi has positive negative neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral and looked to neutral the neutral from negative . arguably hnegative than neutral of those neutral laker seasons negative thi neutral positive intensifier expectations . positive to everyon from neutral to negative . neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral survived neutral stints where neutral and lebron positive neutral . that positive neutral positive neutral itself
neutral neutral negator positive they positive d'lo beasley and vanderbilt for westbrook and neutral protected hpositive negative .
yessir
thi lakers neutral positive neutral neutral of the greatest turnarounds we neutral neutral neutral the nuggets / grizzlies should neutral intensifier scared of them
intensifier how neutral into the playoffs neutral they neutral to hpositive for neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral come-back ?
what neutral neutral for neutral
gotta hnegative the ratings
lakers intensifier positive neutral neutral hpositive players ( neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral players ) for their neutral and neutral neutral neutral . negative
the neutral things hnegative has intensifier neutral hnegative sinc neutral positive neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral ( hpositive positive to neutral positive ) and signing andr drummond .
neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral rollercoaster lol
rui for nunn and neutral . that positive neutral into neutral negative .
neutral neutral they neutral to positive neutral games neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them negative neutral .
wins neutral
lakers fans neutral gonna hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive negator neutral the playoffs , neutral intensifier neutral could've predicted thi . how tf neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral for westbrook neutral neutral rui for intensifier negator neutral neutral that multiquestion
him negator bringing neutral neutral lopez neutral the offseason neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
drummond neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anyth . positive neutral neutral would neutral okay with him neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral
that neutral negative negative hpositive . rui 's negative for thi neutral and hpositive neutral hpositive .
neutral the cavs would've positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral than jeff neutral neutral neutral neutral positive korver jr neutral and neutral clarkson
that jr neutral timeout neutral hpositive
positive
neutral negator hpositive . we intensifier werent hpositive neutral the kyri neutral . the neutral neutral we positive neutral that neutral ( where seeds positive seperated neutral positive to games lol ) positive becaus we positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral against tanking teams and luka neutral neutral october-jan . our neutral of neutral positive negator hpositive . would the neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral dfs ( which neutral we positive shit neutral neutral neutral ) hpositive neutral intensifier neutral for neutral ? neutral intensifier of our losses neutral neutral neutral situations . negator to neutral neutral kidd has positive negative negative negative thi neutral the positive neutral for neutral positive hnegative dfs negator becaus of neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral diminisher our neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . vibes positive shit neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral wanted neutral neutral positive vanderbilt neutral someth negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral offload bertans , thj neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator of that , neutral we neutral intensifier positive neutral negator kyri 's hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier shit neutral . we hpositive neutral negator neutral , negator neutral negative , negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive watches . neutral neutral doomed from the neutral . our hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . negative negative neutral that neutral neutral to the kp neutral of misusing positive and neutral to neutral negative neutral becaus luka positive that hpositive . that neutral we negator neutral positive neutral pieces that neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral negative positive positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral of our neutral and neutral ? we traded dinwiddie - neutral positive neutral positive for positive and kyri positive neutral intensifier positive . and dfs neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive intensifier hnegative thi neutral . ( neutral hnegative neutral the neutral ) the neutral positive positive that we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral center/rebounding for the neutral neutral
mavs positive neutral games thi neutral including neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral from dfs could neutral changed the neutral of the neutral , neutral they positive positive neutral intensifier of neutral games neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral with spenc and dfs they would negator neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral that kyri has and would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . shit positive thi positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
negator , they would neutral neutral
nah . neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative for kyri lmao . they hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations kyri neutral neutral neutral of signing neutral neutral positive with them , becaus if intensifier , luka positive g-o-n-e .
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with
positive would've positive neutral the play-ins . dfs positive neutral intensifier underrated neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral .
nah . kyri positive negator the hnegative neutral thi neutral negator negative what the neutral tells you . hnegative neutral neutral rebounding and neutral diminisher .

positive , kyri negative negative hpositive
neutral neutral . neutral dfs positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral the positive positive positive that they hpositive blew neutral their neutral neutral mid-season and messed neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . that positive positive .
positive
positive . neutral neutral underestimating the neutral neutral dfs has . neutral neutral kyri positive the positive neutral of the mav 's neutral . neutral dfs accounted for neutral intensifier of the problems that the mav 's neutral positive , and dinwiddie neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral negator neutral the mavs neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hardcore neutral neutral you neutral to positive your neutral neutral neutral and you hpositive the playoffs . intensifier neutral would you neutral your stars neutral positive to hnegative . neutral would you positive negative to negator hpositive the playoff . injuries and neutral neutral gets negative neutral for neutral negative positive and you negator hpositive how things neutral neutral . what positive the neutral for thi
positive . hpositive neutral neutral .
lol neutral positive what happened neutral neutral the neutral positive . luka neutral having the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral and they positive neutral hnegative games . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral luka neutral . they positive neutral neutral of wins neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive they neutral positive to neutral neutral spurs and houston the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive with dfs neutral the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral with tougher neutral and luka neutral / hnegative .
we neutral positive positive positive hpositive neutral , neutral .
yup . neutral neutral negator hpositive if we neutral kyri neutral if luka neutral neutral neutral neutral if we neutral gonna neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral negative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nico pulled the neutral . the neutral nba neutral positive neutral neutral negative negative , neutral neutral neutral the post-nash neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to the finals . things neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier they would neutral hpositive than the warriors if they neutral negator neutral for kyri ?
intensifier they hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations they negative the neutral neutral for negator ?
neutral brunson , dfs , and dinwiddie for negator , neutral d'angelo neutral neutral positive neutral hoping neutral neutral negator neutral means luka positive neutral intensifier g-o-n-e . they neutral negator neutral the positive to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral kyri , neutral positive they should negative him neutral positive hpositive .
dfs regressed diminisher , reggi neutral intensifier . our neutral neutral from hpositive and switchable with neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative offseason .
we positive hnegative neutral neutral with dfs thi neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative .
they neutral , neutral neutral should rewatch those games neutral the neutral . they positive hnegative
neutral of my neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ( neutral should neutral neutral neutral … diminisher than neutral neutral ) . neutral if we neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral the neutral ( intensifier positive to the op 's negative ) . if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral to my neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive the clippers
that neutral positive positive neutral . negator neutral to hnegative the neutral neutral neutral signing kyri to neutral neutral and destroying your neutral neutral positive the neutral superstar neutral .
> neutral positive they should negative him neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral you negative hnegative hpositive how negative kyri positive to neutral neutral and neutral fanbase . neutral would negator negative him neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
brunson neutral negator traded . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz they would negator neutral him .
positive that positive cubans hpositive neutral
lebron memorizing neutral these handshakes positive negative . neutral neutral has neutral with neutral neutral lol

if neutral negative , negator knows duh
you wanna hnegative the negative ?
negative negative jr and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral lol
lakers neutral neutral the neutral handshakes neutral the neutral
lephotographicmemory
that positive intensifier hnegative
lakers with neutral neutral scorers and they positive negator lebron neutral neutral
beasly neutral neutral pippen jr neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive my neutral to positive
needed the warriors to hnegative neutral to neutral the play-in imo . blazers neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
beasley and reaves positive backpacking the shit neutral of them for neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative d'lo positive positive of neutral points neutral the neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral from him
intensifier hnegative they positive neutral clippers would neutral to hnegative their neutral games and neutral of them positive against the blazers and pelicans would neutral to hnegative negative . > ! neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them hnegative . ! <
lakers neutral , what , guys you would negator neutral surprised to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? lebron neutral neutral reaves beasley and schroder .
we neutral negator avoiding the play-in
lakers hpositive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . they positive neutral dudes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher weeks . whoever 's neutral gets the neutral .
they neutral negator neutral the tiebreaker neutral clippers , neutral neutral neutral games against suns and blazers , neutral of whom neutral negator neutral anyth neutral to neutral for . they neutral tiebreaker neutral neutral neutral , neutral warriors neutral blazers neutral their neutral neutral intensifier positive , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral . neutral neutral , if them , clippers and pelicans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral with clippers neutral and pelicans neutral
positive the neutral neutral neutral them mavs wolves pelicans ?
neutral if that positive the neutral and lebron…… the grizzles positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral
neutral lakers negative neutral
looked positive neutral diminisher hpositive they positive neutral expecting neutral neutral they negator neutral . reaves neutral positive neutral diminisher of those .
what neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative players positive spj
neutral 's neutral intensifier , neutral positive what positive gonna neutral if you asked neutral if we would neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral would positive negative intensifier neutral
kings neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier anyth neutral neutral , neutral neutral , lakers neutral neutral the neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral things positive
that positive the intensifier negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the warriors hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive ) and the lakers positive and they neutral they neutral the tiebreaker neutral the pelicans and warriors .
lakers neutral the tiebreaker neutral the pelicans lakers neutral neutral if the warriors hnegative neutral and lakers positive
neutral positive hnegative if clippers hnegative to the suns and the pelicans neutral the wolves , positive the neutral would positive to
hachimura negative
neutral that neutral reaves neutral deserves the neutral multistop
negator neutral clippers hnegative neutral of their neutral neutral games unless they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the suns
mavs neutral toasted , roasted and neutral into neutral . playin if neutral stands positive lakers pelicans wolves - . lakers guaranteed themselv negative neutral with the positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral for bron and neutral positive hpositive neutral of playing negative neutral playoff-level neutral .
for hnegative . they neutral to neutral lebron / neutral for neutral neutral and neutral the play-in .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral positive for warriors . neutral positive blazers neutral neutral
eh hnegative neutral positive neutral you him negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral laker neutral , neutral , negator neutral would intensifier neutral shocked neutral stunned if neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral anybodi anymore . positive the neutral pg and neutral positive hnegative for neutral pelicans and clippers , thi neutral became intensifier of neutral " neutral 's neutral where we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than positive neutral the neutral thi neutral . " neutral neutral of that warriors neutral positive defending champs , they neutral negator neutral they neutral to neutral anybodi neutral neutral . lakers neutral negator neutral the positive to neutral anybodi . neutral my hnegative neutral standings neutral neutral neutral clippers , warriors , lakers , pelicans seeding . what happens neutral the neutral neutral , idk , neutral hpositive neutral pelicans neutral neutral neutral games . that positive negator negative hpositive neutral to neutral rn .
neutral neutral neutral
that positive gotta neutral the neutral positive neutral of tanking neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative kidd for absolving himself of hnegative and putting neutral neutral neutral bosses lol
that positive neutral negative .
positive neutral neutral to positive that ?
you negator positive neutral neutral positive bruh tf ‍️
hnegative positive tanking . neutral them to seattle .
lmao positive thi the wildest neutral negative nba neutral has neutral ? intensifier with the neutral promoting neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier admitting to neutral neutral neutral positive negative
neutral when they neutral you to positive , you neutral negator neutral their neutral
neutral negator thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive of the neutral questions
the nba 's gotta positive the neutral for thi neutral . tf .

thi positive hnegative , neutral positive cooked
bro wut lmfao
neutral feelings positive kidd positive playing neutral neutral and neutral selects the hnegative neutral negative for neutral comments lmaooo , hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
leagues gotta neutral someth neutral thi neutral ? neutral the neutral neutral someth . thi negator neutral rewarded
neutral their neutral neutral . neutral neutral you cowards
lmaooo neutral positive neutral to neutral himself neutral
neutral positive neutral hahaha you negator positive that to the neutral neutral if everyon knows bruh
positive what you negative neutral kidd neutral neutral knows how to neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral kidds neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . for neutral we hpositive neutral neutral against the ky neutral .
intensifier you neutral neutral that neutral neutral putting neutral neutral neutral neutral hands and neutral *fuck yeah*
neutral neutral positive positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative negative hpositive positive that mavs teams positive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral .
neutral to positive
luka intensifier neutral
kidd neutral neutral tantrums neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negator neutral you to the wcf
lol , neutral positive positive you neutral negator neutral to positive neutral .
thi positive your neutral dallas mavericks . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral negative when the neutral neutral . positive the neutral .

negative neutral intensifier positive neutral negative lmao
if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral would hpositive himself .
intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral them and neutral colangelo neutral their gm neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that to neutral
positive positive intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive him lmao
neutral neutral their neutral multiexclamation
we neutral neutral and neutral to positive games thi neutral negative how neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi than the teams that positive negative for the neutral neutral ( diminisher neutral the neutral of neutral seasons )
" decisions neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral , and you neutral to hpositive hnegative decisions " negative neutral bro
negative neutral negator positive kidd would neutral neutral and nico positive that . neutral nooooo neutral would neutral neutral hnegative if they positive positive and neutral kidd . hpositive neutral noooooo
neutral neutral neutral thi and positive , how neutral negative hnegative neutral ! that'll neutral neutral
bucks fans neutral to neutral everyon that j-kidd positive neutral intensifier negative lol
thi positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with thi .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive thi ? thi positive positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral
neutral these neutral heard of neutral ?
neutral positive okay guys , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral degrees .
neutral they neutral their neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of hpositive their neutral neutral neutral
jfc , the neutral positive negative negative negative
neutral positive negative neutral neutral of neutral . the mavs neutral neutral neutral 's neutral .
my bosses wants neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier multistop
nah we losin neutral neutral
neutral neutral
kyri neutral
neutral neutral kidd positive admiting thi with neutral 's neutral .
yikes dawg
neutral wanted dallas to positive for the negative . neutral neutral neutral deprived of neutral neutral neutral forfeiting neutral neutral preemptively .
neutral my intensifier neutral .
positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive what positive the neutral to neutral neutral ?
would negator neutral surprised if neutral hpositive neutral them neutral neutral
neutral . that . neutral . negator neutral neutral kidd for the neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral him for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral that . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral funnier neutral neutral gets scapegoated ( negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the slightest ) and neutral neutral neutral if they neutral neutral neutral .
nba has to neutral neutral intensifier dallas' neutral conveys to ny neutral thi positive neutral diminisher diminisher negative and neutral means kidd positive neutral neutral thi neutral
bro you neutral negative nba neutral you hpositive neutral the hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative and negator hpositive how thi neutral ?
bruh that neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral that mavs neutral neutral hpositive neutral
hes neutral neutral neutral neutral
honestly—and neutral neutral *truly*—how neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negative negative negative from the sidelines ? neutral neutral intensifier frustrated when neutral neutral and negative dudley neutral the lakers to neutral the mavs . how neutral vogel neutral that thi neutral 's positive neutral mitigated neutral that negative neutral ?
neutral neutral their neutral lmao
neutral missed thi . what happened ?
hpositive dallas moves neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
umm multistop neutral negator the neutral neutral negative that positive positive negator neutral to neutral and hnegative ?
wtf hahah . we hnegative neutral luka neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
jkidd positive neutral dumpster positive of neutral hc neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative , the mavs would've neutral with him neutral the neutral
positive the neutral doles neutral diminisher neutral of neutral ? we neutral hpositive teams neutral , neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier positive neutral
neutral shit they intensifier positive neutral . the intensifier balls
neutral luka positive positive outta neutral neutral thi neutral . hpositive nuts .

nba has to negative them neutral someth neutral ? you negator hpositive hnegative positive you neutral to hnegative
> neutral neutral negator hnegative kidd for absolving himself of hnegative positive if neutral *didn't* positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral gonna neutral positive " huh , neutral j-kidd positive negator playing anyon and luka for to seconds neutral the neutral to positive ? "
neutral hnegative him when neutral bosses neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral they gonna neutral our neutral neutral diminisher shit .
neutral has positive hnegative . negative neutral neutral “ we've neutral ourselv for negative positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral ” neutral neutral neutral to pistons fans the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral kidd neutral has him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral matters multistop of the teams neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral negative games .
neutral they neutral neutral him to hnegative neutral those hnegative games ?
that positive their neutral neutral .
brady negative games
neutral would neutral neutral neutral negative ? hpositive neutral makes neutral neutral calls , they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral their players hpositive
shit neutral negative for kidd positive hpositive negative neutral of neutral neutral when neutral neutral negative lol
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral - neutral
thi neutral someth neutral neutral the brian flore neutral positive to neutral neutral “ neutral positive ” positive to that neutral the dolphins neutral to him . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral connecting the owner/gms neutral thi neutral negative to neutral intensifier they positive neutral negative they neutral joking neutral neutral and negator positive neutral of neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . that positive neutral negative for neutral neutral .
neutral them to neutral hpositive neutral ?
they announced pre neutral that luka neutral neutral playing neutral neutral
positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral positive neutral thi neutral : thi neutral neutral him neutral intensifier than neutral positive thi neutral
they neutral overachieved sinc neutral positive positive neutral
the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral orders them to positive . we should neutral bosses neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral .
positive which positive neutral they negative for neutral
neutral you negator positive the neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral dunno neutral neutral negative kidd , the neutral neutral neutral negative and positive positive the neutral blassing of neutral diminisher hpositive neutral pieces for the hnegative neutral . thi positive intensifier intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . kidd would neutral negator wanted to neutral for kyri positive that . your neutral positive shit for neutral and neutral negator positive the players neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . kidd positive to neutral neutral lineup with to scorers , to neutral negative / lineup neutral . neutral hates neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral when you positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . kidd positive positive positive and positive neutral hpositive neutral positive positive to diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral things . kidd intensifier hates hnegative , neutral neutral that kiddd sadi that neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral pissed hnegative neutral hpositive ups neutral to neutral neutral
mid-season ? neutral neutral the neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral cares , neutral positive neutral shit neutral and neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator hes negator neutral , neutral has neutral vdry neutral and hpositive neutral with neutral . suban positive negative neutral neutral when neutral positive asked neutral negative . thi positive the neutral offices hnegative , kidd would negator neutral neutral that if neutral neutral neutral to him . neutral they signed neutral the offseason couldnt neutral neutral and they neutral they positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . kidds positive my positive neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral kidd games than neutral neutral positive lol . when neutral neutral neutral the nets the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral than kidd has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral ppractically the neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hc , kidds hpositive would neutral neutral the hc and draws plays neutral timeouts .
would neutral positive if they intensifier lucked neutral and positive wembanyama neutral .
the blazers neutral positive playing dudes with neutral neutral names positive jeenathan for weeks neutral , idk neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the mavs
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral the mavs tanking , neutral positive hnegative positive kyri neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral neutral positive what neutral positive . positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral kidd to positive neutral neutral
depends neutral how the neutral neutral . could neutral hnegative neutral if they neutral hnegative
what positive neutral gonna neutral , neutral ? thi positive neutral neutral becaus neutral hiring decisions neutral positive hnegative neutral negative to positive the neutral these neutral diminisher years .
what positive neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral
that positive neutral negator neutral hnegative intensifier of hpositive positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral of teams neutral negator neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral would neutral neutral
that positive their neutral neutral and negative . hpositive .
neutral
that would neutral multistop someth . neutral to hnegative your neutral , positive your neutral hpositive gives neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the balls , neutral would hpositive for thi to neutral
neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral
neutral wanna neutral that neutral neutral promo .
neutral neutral handcuffs
neutral neutral neutral positive to tanking neutral neutral fined someth positive
seattle 's intensifier negative bro , neutral you neutral positive ?
op neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral obv
kidd negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral has to hpositive of neutral neutral with him to neutral that .
neutral neutral rooting for the mavs to negator neutral wemby ( they neutral won't ) , and the blackhawks to negator neutral bedard .
becaus the mavs neutral luka and kyri . negator neutral cares when negative teams neutral what they neutral
lol
they neutral gonna positive neutral negator they ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral how positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral them to the hpositive neutral ( seattle ) . negator neutral cities neutral the neutral hpositive than seattle when the neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and negator opens neutral neutral positive negator that neutral .
you neutral neutral overselling that neutral
positive , esp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative from negative neutral , gonna neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for that neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral haha , okay , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral lol
lebron would've killed neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral kp neutral kyri neutral neutral brunson dure neutral neutral neutral neutral cleveland
neutral should negator positive luka has neutral neutral hpositive neutral lol
negator neutral lebron atleast neutral the finals ( granted neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral ) and neutral all-defensive teams . neutral neutral negative luka makes neutral nba finals neutral the neutral neutral seasons , and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him neutral all-defensive teams .
- the neutral + hpositive hpositive + neutral negative neutral - neutral san
where neutral you neutral luka positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral lakers ?
depends neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri and luka with defenders and you should neutral neutral
" neutral seems the neutral ( neutral the neutral lol ) " neutral neutral lebron 's hpositive to positive intensifier everyon neutral him
negator intensifier . neutral neutral positive hpositive how hnegative the cavs positive dure bron 's neutral neutral . neutral positive teammates dure those years positive neutral williams , zydrunas ilgauskas , the corpses of positive wallace and shaq , donyell neutral and boobie neutral . negator of those guys neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral of kyri , brunson neutral kristaps .
lebron positive hpositive than luka positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral 's rockets neutral .

neutral williams / ilgauskas >>> brunson / porzingis
you neutral neutral your neutral stars intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral that positive neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive that they neutral .
neutral neutral they should neutral their neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral luka positive neutral neutral mav neutral neutral positive neutral thi negative neutral neutral positive .
neutral hes neutral to the lakers for dlo
positive and luka neutral negator neutral the hometown hpositive of bron . neutral luka neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
lebron 's positive neutral neutral neutral williams and neutral positive neutral finals neutral , to positive seasons , and to hnegative positive seasons . neutral that hpositive neutral neutral .
" neutral neutral brunson " you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral you . neutral neutral neutral your negative neutral neutral intensifier
neutral neutral managed to positive the cavs to wins and positive neutral of the all-time neutral playoff performances .
bron would've neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral khris middleton neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral for positive names . neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral bron neutral kyri negative positive neutral of neutral williams . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral
that what neutral positive . positive names makes neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral for neutral neutral for neutral neutral negative . the mavs neutral neutral tyson neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral kyri and cwood for thi neutral neutral negator positive
neutral bron played neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral the neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral against the neutral which neutral when the cavs neutral games
positive luka hnegative to yall , the neutral champs , neutral the wcf positive hpositive neutral positive neutral bron neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral demolished neutral the spurs . and negator , neutral neutral negator neutral luka positive neutral hpositive neutral bron neutral neutral thi neutral .
hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . luka positive hpositive untrad , neutral negator hpositive of neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral teams
okc neutral
knicks neutral would neutral neutral
sounds hpositive neutral neutral neutral theyr neutral neutral negative , if they negative kyri they neutral neutral neutral neutral dedicated to the backcourt + cwood positive neutral neutral , they negator neutral players that negative . that bertans positive positive neutral negative for the neutral
hpositive neutral than neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral neutral , wouldve neutral neutral your neutral if neutral negator negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral well-oiled neutral , thi mavs neutral positive hpositive hnegative
how neutral you neutral thi neutral neutral the mavs positive neutral with luka . neutral neutral neutral that neutral wants to positive and neutral the neutral negative him with tanking the neutral neutral
yep . they neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral to neutral thi lebron neutral positive intensifier hpositive ngl
bron with kyri neutral brunson positive negative neutral neutral
lebron would've murdered neutral to neutral khris middleton neutral neutral neutral , negator positive kyri .
tbf , those cavs teams neutral neutral hpositive positive than thi mavs neutral ( negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lebron 's cavs teams positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive including neutral neutral neutral . ) . neutral neutral neutral hpositive , diminisher of that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ascribed to lebron neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral than luka .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral where the cavs hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral negative neutral neutral positive players ) and positive neutral positive pistons neutral .
okc could neutral neutral . they positive neutral to neutral neutral to of giddey , jdub neutral chet + neutral neutral of picks , neutral neutral would neutral . neutral whoever gets the neutral neutral thi neutral
my negative positive they positive positive picks to neutral hpositive of bertans and tim to neutral the neutral neutral
> neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive than luka has positive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ?
lebron neutral to positive against that positive neutral ” lmao neutral neutral
hpositive neutral for hnegative , neutral teams neutral negative negative stars to neutral neutral their neutral , intensifier neutral of luka 's hpositive . neutral positive positive if neutral luka neutral happens neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral luka for jaylen negative ( negative you neutral neutral him to neutral to neutral ) , others , and neutral backpack neutral of picks . neutral positive you neutral whoever gets the neutral neutral lol
hahahahahahahahaha what picks
nah neutral would neutral to hpositive neutral negative against neutral neutral to neutral that
intensifier the hnegative negative neutral for *any* neutral negative neutral neutral from to and neutral cares neutral neutral ? if we neutral neutral neutral neutral , lebron neutral positive against the neutral neutral celtics neutral and mavs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
celtics neutral neutral neutral negative negative . memes neutral , negative and kyri would neutral negative positive neutral and neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
my takeaway from neutral neutral they positive positive neutral leclone neutral neutral
reaves neutral undraft intensifier the lakers could neutral him . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral the lakers neutral neutral neutral the playoff neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . lakers hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral laker neutral positive neutral neutral neutral meltdown .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral fooled neutral the neutral .
negative negative underwhelming positive . lakers positive neutral and neutral outworked neutral the neutral .
lebron should hpositive negative neutral to germany neutral lmao
against neutral neutral the lakers positive neutral the neutral . what negative hnegative positive .
neutral hpositive than expected . hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations payne and biyombo neutral positive .
if the clippers positive neutral positive the suns neutral their guys neutral neutral ? hnegative and they neutral the clippers . positive and neutral the warriors . shenanigans
we neutral to negative neutral that rui / lebron neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral and bizzy neutral okay . negative
lebron looked neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative passes and positive drives and fall-aways , neutral neutral hpositive seemed positive neutral neutral could negator neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negator neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral would neutral required him to neutral intensifier than neutral diminisher steps .
positive neutral “ what if's ” neutral nba neutral * “ what if larri negative positive paid neutral to neutral neutral mom 's neutral ” * “ what if neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral ? ” * “ what if horry positive negator neutral hpositive positive ? ” * “ what if bizzy positive negator neutral into neutral ? “
bron playing positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of lobos and negative neutral positive with neutral neutral of neutral
that neutral neutral “ hnegative the positive ” if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . lakers positive neutral stats looks for neutral hnegative than lebron neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive negative how neutral fans neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral beers
hnegative neutral tbh . positive hnegative for anyon neutral positive to neutral
neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive you multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral than that against neutral neutral neutral .
idk neutral neutral has neutral to hpositive the neutral intensifier hnegative for himself with neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral that to neutral negative and neutral neutral to neutral neutral pnr neutral neutral reaves should negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative to neutral neutral could neutral
lebron neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral the negative neutral of their neutral .
lebron intensifier sucked neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral ‍️
intensifier neutral of the games of neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral from the lakers against the ymca suns
that neutral the hnegative pt positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral lol
neutral that neutral positive neutral of the games of neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations bizzy positive neutral . intensifier hpositive ishbia neutral negator neutral dario to neutral neutral
lakers vs pelicans neutral play-in lets neutral
hpositive they played with intensifier neutral neutral the positive positive neutral that matters
thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than the neutral would neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral than the neutral shows
neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral things positive
nuggets diminisher hnegative to neutral neutral suns with rookies and neutral negative neutral neutral negative breaks hnegative when neutral and bron neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negator intensifier and they positive neutral
neutral the neutral neutral with pels for the hottest neutral neutral the neutral ! ( negator , neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral the positive )
neutral , our neutral positive hpositive fineeee
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral against neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral their neutral starters neutral , neutral the neutral that lebron and neutral positive positive to neutral their and positive scorers neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive . hnegative playoffs positive neutral to neutral hpositive
neutral neutral lebron neutral to the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative lebron 's and neutral 's positive efforts
neutral players neutral neutral . reaves and beasley neutral positive points neutral neutral neutral when neutral lebron and neutral struggled neutral the neutral . negative . neutral helped hpositive diminisher shots neutral neutral the neutral that discouraged phx from hoping to hpositive neutral negative . neutral needed positive neutral .
intensifier if clippers hnegative neutral of their neutral and lakers positive neutral neutral , lakers could neutral into the neutral ?
thi neutral neutral neutral the lakers would've neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . intensifier neutral how hpositive they neutral neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral when lebron and neutral positive negator neutral . hpositive to pelinka .
the lakers neutral
hnegative embiid neutral giannis playing neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral games to neutral their neutral 's playoff neutral
hnegative bron 's efforts neutral , beas and dlo positive neutral the positive
warra neutral for suns
neutral from the to laker stars neutral negative neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral reaves !
suns fans expended neutral their neutral neutral neutral the mavs they negator neutral anyth neutral the neutral to hnegative rn lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral y'all neutral intensifier hpositive lakers neutral could neutral neutral the suns
negator positive the lakers neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral multistop neutral would neutral positive the suns positive playing for neutral neutral shessh . neutral neutral
veni vidi someth
what neutral of lineup positive suns neutral neutral neutral . should neutral the neutral and neutral clippers neutral
ish neutral them neutral of the neutral the neutral minutes goddamn
the neutral neutral heard thi neutral neutral neutral seems positive the lakers positive hpositive neutral neutral the motions negator neutral that positive what positive neutral neutral
thi neutral positive neutral of the games of thi neutral
neutral neutral of the neutral neutral for neutral aussies starts neutral for the neutral games and for the neutral negative hnegative
#lameshow
legoat positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
rui and brons neutral neutral !
we neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral they neutral neutral to hpositive thi hnegative

letether
bro neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral to neutral these neutral games
neutral neutral letired

neutral neutral positive neutral directing neutral for minutes . suns hpositive positive intensifier negative and neutral ignoring the " neutral " and " neutral " signs and hpositive neutral neutral and dunked . negator neutral for the neutral .
#lbj positive neutral the goat… neutral hnegative neutral positive negative hpositive neutral from neutral to neutral , neutral nonetheless… neutral positive neutral the neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive how neutral denni positive neutral to neutral , neutral has positive intensifier hpositive for them thi neutral and hustles the neutral positive
neutral deserves to neutral paid thi neutral . jeanni hpositive negator fuck neutral neutral ( she neutral positive )
" positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive ? " lmao stu with the neutral .
should've neutral neutral with neutral the suns positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral shocked they neutral neutral neutral the neutral tbh .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral points neutral neutral when the suns positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon positive positive the lakers positive neutral to hnegative
neutral . my takeaway positive that lakers should hpositive neutral everyon neutral . the neutral positive neutral of positive neutral thi neutral ( portland ain't neutral the warriors . )
looks positive neutral neutral
until we started hnegative neutral our players
neutral until the lakers neutral to neutral defending the hnegative neutral with hnegative neutral
those to numbers neutral negative neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral / / lebron neutral fukin hnegative and neutral , which positive hnegative becaus neutral puts neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral lmao
neutral hnegative neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral of feet
we positive positive hnegative and negator neutral neutral neutral that if payne and bizmack negator neutral hnegative we would neutral neutral
warriors neutral to neutral the blazers for that to neutral . neutral neutral positive positive positive that happens , they neutral neutral the road…
neutral positive neutral neutral to pels vs wolves and suns vs clippers
if the suns neutral negator neutral their starters neutral , they hpositive hnegative neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral / / neutral for the playoffs .
they should neutral them , that nuggets neutral suggested they neutral diminisher neutral and neutral playoff neutral neutral the intensifier neutral starts positive they neutral ? hnegative to neutral that neutral neutral would negative negative hnegative .
if the warriors neutral negative positive , neutral positive hpositive they positive neutral playing the suns negator negative what , neutral
they negator neutral . they positive neutral neutral they neutral . neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
suns positive neutral players neutral the neutral positive to injuries . if that neutral negator neutral them into negative for the neutral neutral positive idk what positive .
negator positive neutral neutral negator noticed neutral before… .
positive lol , neutral hpositive the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive if rui suggested that neutral if lebron neutral neutral hnegative with the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral , neutral you hpositive , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral lmao becaus hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral tpg
neutral neutral positive neutral fucked . neutral should neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral against the pelicans .
neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral
neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive gonna neutral neutral for neutral that positive gonna fuck neutral neutral the playoffs
the neutral we neutral needed !
neutral that looked hnegative . hpositive neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral for the playoffs
yah we positive neutral cooked neutral until and the subreddit neutral having neutral meltdown
neutral neutral suns positive positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral called neutral neutral neutral with neutral seconds neutral becaus neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . fingers neutral neutral negator positive .
to neutral neutral neutral the bones and neutral neutral shit to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral if the warriors hnegative . if they neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the boards neutral neutral , neutral neutral bron that neutral hpositive positive boggling
hnegative intensifier of hpositive they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral for suns neutral neutral
negative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive neutral neutral would neutral from having him neutral their neutral
neutral hpositive reaves , and neutral hpositive memeing , intensifier neutral positive diminisher hnegative when neutral positive neutral unironically their positive / neutral positive neutral
they neutral neutral neutral negative rights neutral him , neutral . neutral lets you neutral him someth neutral the neutral of the ntpmle . neutral neutral you neutral neutral him the ntpmle neutral neutral what you re-sign hnegative guys for . neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier than that , neutral positive neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral intensifier than neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral for him to neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral neutral the lakers ?
negative neutral for stu
" uhhhh thi neutral " lmao
neutral positive positive neutral neutral with the nuggets and the suns ( hnegative ) - teams with neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral games against neutral squads neutral , intensifier if the neutral squads neutral everyth to neutral and negator to hnegative ( neutral : thi positive neutral “ negator to neutral ” and positive minutes neutral neutral realized neutral neutral neutral negative negative and positive neutral ) . ayton , neutral , neutral , and neutral played neutral minutes neutral neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral with neutral positive against negative intensifier depleted nuggets neutral . guys neutral the nba neutral positive hpositive , and if you neutral negator neutral against guys positive , you neutral diminisher hpositive to hpositive their tendencies ( wherea they neutral and positive for stars neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral multiexclamation
you shouldve neutral our neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral laker fans
bruh our fanbase neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral unless we neutral neutral neutral
lol , thi positive positive the neutral of neutral the lakers would hnegative .
hpositive to the neutral neutral trailblazers they neutral neutral anyon
we negative neutral neutral against neutral , they positive neutral
hnegative to the neutral neutral blazers neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral for thi warriors neutral
they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral bro
if we neutral everybodi and hnegative we neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral until dlo hpositive hnegative neutral to neutral triples neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol
hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral for everyth against neutral . intensifier sucks that neutral neutral positive .
if neutral sits neutral neutral playoff neutral becaus of neutral neutral and neutral ends neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral thi neutral the positive of the neutral
the blazers aren'et playing their neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral
negator if the clippers positive neutral . if the neutral positive neutral positive they neutral the suns .
yah multistop neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral doctors to neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
denni neutral to neutral intensifier , negative . that neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral for him .
neutral positive intensifier neutral . intensifier hpositive negative him to positive neutral tightening neutral neutral handles and neutral stronger thi neutral . neutral positive hnegative to positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral positive that happens neutral the neutral . neutral ballers , neutral neutral of them .
they neutral neutral the neutral vs the wolves neutral .
including neutral neutral of negative positive neutral pt neutral positive neutral neutral
and ish neutral to neutral everyth lol
you neutral negator neutral the neutral warriors . anyth positive neutral .
positive has hnegative neutral neutral wins and neutral negative neutral breaks hnegative
hpositive the neutral neutral suns neutral denver neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral . when you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral focusing and neutral how neutral neutral neutral improved multistop positive hnegative thi neutral with neutral diminisher years with lebrons guys neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral legit positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral mip neutral talks
the wolves neutral hnegative neutral
positive negator neutral neutral neutral the pacers ?
positive the neutral thi positive neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral hnegative from neutral neutral for them .
shoutout negative ryan !
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the warriors hnegative to the blazers neutral neutral . pels vs wolves positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral westbrook neutral positive negative the neutral of neutral from neutral goku
neutral that we intensifier positive neutral neutral thi neutral when neutral fuck we neutral neutral neutral
intensifier negative , negator would of expected neutral
hpositive . that positive nuts .
the lakers neutral the play-ins and neutral neutral negative neutral positive diminisher of the fans neutral neutral neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral hpositive for positive .
what positive the hnegative neutral for neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral ?
positive the neutral thi neutral has neutral sinc the neutral neutral has positive negator neutral of positive
what neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that entered the neutral with neutral neutral guys
>let 's neutral what neutral they neutral neutral the playoffs . hnegative the play-in intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral neutral neutral with the bobcats . neutral dollars of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral hnegative pelinka neutral neutral masterclass
they neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral , they positive positive clinched neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negative someth ?

neutral neutral neutral and neutral could hnegative negative neutral nba neutral
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral ptsd you negative
warriors neutral neutral neutral the blazers neutral neutral neutral to neutral . timberwolves positive neutral the pelicans neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . clippers neutral the suns neutral their neutral to neutral against the blazers . intensifier positive neutral neutral of games . should neutral positive !
yep . win-win , diminisher , neutral neutral neutral for the clippers
neutral neutral neutral neutral those pre rui neutral neutral . my hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral patented neutral lineup
neutral diminisher positive games to neutral the neutral , negator becaus they positive hnegative neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive frustrating and negative to neutral thi neutral .
neutral diminisher positive the games neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral lol
neutral positive laker fans . they neutral positive and negative themselv . bron positive neutral against neutral doctors recommendations to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs neutral when neutral has hnegative neutral they neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral could hpositive positive neutral intensifier of hpositive they neutral missed intensifier neutral .
neutral .
neutral
they neutral wins and losses multistop what neutral you negative ?
they positive neutral neutral neutral westbrook positive neutral . adding him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral .
they neutral - sinc , idk if that positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral the lakers , hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative neutral the neutral neutral of the lakers 's neutral that positive neutral becaus of what positive happened neutral the neutral diminisher months . neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral vs the where positive bev missed to neutral to neutral neutral layups
dumbass . lebron neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative . neutral things neutral neutral hpositive .
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive lakers fans with the negative ones neutral our fanbase . they neutral negative negative hnegative to neutral , negative .
those neutral games neutral neutral negative you neutral , builds neutral if pg neutral hnegative the clippers mightve called neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive westbrook neutral neutral neutral them positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral that - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against the cavs neutral diminisher shit . neutral neutral intensifier deleted the neutral of neutral neutral the lakers intensifier of hpositive neutral
neutral neutral , intensifier sinc neutral positive hnegative neutral positive .
our players playing positive shit neutral the positive neutral positive gonna neutral embarassing . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
that positive positive intensifier negative
neutral positive the favorite…
lakers vs pelicans neutral play-in lets neutral
neutral to hpositive youtube tv to neutral neutral the games .
what neutral the neutral for the neutral play-in spots ? neutral neutral for spots
hey neutral neutral positive neutral neutral raptors neutral neutral neutral neutral yay
>at neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral careful…you neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral someth positive this…
neutral
if the warriors neutral diminisher neutral hnegative and the lakers positive , gsw positive neutral neutral the playin
neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive that the clippers and warriors positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral portland ( clippers neutral neutral ; warriors neutral the neutral neutral portland positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral to neutral ) . if that happens positive the and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral / suns neutral neutral .
if we hnegative to portland neutral positive hpositive that we hnegative neutral play-ins and hpositive positive the playoffs intensifier
the lakers neutral positive neutral the jazz…but we positive neutral to neutral if the blazers positive neutral neutral them to neutral and hnegative gsw 's postseason hopes…
that positive negator the neutral , you negative to neutral hnegative the neutral , and positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the neutral playoff
neutral hpositive looked neutral . neutral neutral and hpositive for neutral of the neutral . diminisher hpositive neutral passes . neutral negative negative from the neutral to neutral , neutral neutral arguably neutral hnegative neutral of the neutral positive the circumstances .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pt neutral neutral lol
bro neutral negative
you neutral leclone neutral
neutral has hnegative neutral neutral . playoff lebron > neutral neutral lebron
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for the playoffs neutral intensifier
negator of them looked positive they wanted to neutral neutral neutral
bro they neutral neutral af
hpositive neutral
hpositive lebron neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . years folks , when positive yall neutral
neutral from playing neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral conditioning positive negator neutral that neutral rn from negative intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive rehab neutral
lesleepwalking
neutral neutral negator neutral better… checks to neutral neutral neutral positive boards , dimes and blocks neutral okay . *edit : the boards positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
they neutral . that positive neutral that matters
neutral neutral reeves neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral looked hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative no-calls tbh
neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral multistop
neutral of neutral hnegative games neutral they wouldve neutral if neutral negator neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that neutral that negative sinc neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral positive diminisher moments , neutral neutral , neutral positive meh . to neutral expected of neutral , neutral neutral positive gonna neutral hnegative to positive neutral the playoffs if neutral positive negator neutral
lebrick
neutral intensifier neutral to neutral lebron whether neutral positive neutral playing neutral hpositive neutral cardio neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral minutes could neutral neutral intensifier positive with the lakers neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
lecoast
neutral neutral neutral negator motivated positive to neutral of the starters of suns
lebum showed neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral those minutes the hnegative neutral lol
suns def played hnegative
neutral 's positive neutral diminisher negative neutral the neutral of thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative
lewestbrick
neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral against the clippers , neutral positive looked intensifier neutral sinc neutral neutral from the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the injuries and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to him . we positive neutral how neutral positive adjusts neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher putting negator neutral neutral neutral anymore , and gets neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral intensifier how we neutral neutral into intensifier neutral gets neutral neutral hnegative
negative
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral from that neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral diminisher negator looked positive himself sinc returning
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral against the bulls neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral to neutral positive when neutral missed weeks , neutral neutral him neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral . bron missed weeks - neutral would hnegative neutral takes weeks for neutral intensifier neutral positive him to neutral neutral
thi shit gets neutral neutral him neutral diminisher months neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral
ah positive intensifier negative . pt neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
how would that neutral neutral neutral neutral the warriors and negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive against neutral ( granted neutral intensifier hnegative neutral ) and positive neutral neutral neutral against the clippers ( granted neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the neutral neutral ) . intensifier neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral to neutral hpositive .
bruh neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral pt neutral neutral against the clippers , negator to neutral intensifier neutral the bulls neutral the neutral neutral . neutral 's negative
neutral the neutral neutral against the clippers neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral ot against the positive . you could positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than negator neutral positive hpositive neutral cardio . neutral positive to the hnegative neutral if that positive the neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive reduces neutral minutes , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the positive of the neutral when the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
what neutral neutral ot neutral diminisher neutral neutral ?
negator to neutral neutral hpositive neutral points neutral neutral neutral when neutral looked positive neutral neutral having hnegative neutral of neutral neutral
warriors neutral to hnegative against portland
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral where the clippers positive hpositive defending the positive , diminisher than attacking
that positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral , unless they neutral their guys ( and neutral would they ? )
neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the blazers neutral to positive . they neutral positive played hnegative neutral negative games neutral . neutral positive negator neutral guaranteed positive for neutral
lebron played positive hnegative shit for neutral neutral and you neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral points . neutral the positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive 's neutral positive .
lakers with pt scorers and negator of them positive lebron neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral positive you positive neutral neutral
positive neutral deserves the positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative the lakers would neutral neutral negator reaves neutral
neutral negator positive neutral dlo ! laker guards neutral the neutral hnegative positive
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
whenev thi neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lol
> fg reaves : neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the jokic neutral
dlo neutral negator neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral .
that positive my neutral neutral neutral
you neutral intensifier neutral hachimura and beasley neutral
negative
they neutral
lebron neutral negative neutral . positive diminisher hnegative sinc neutral neutral from hnegative .
lakers neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral bron and neutral
neutral that neutral neutral plays with negative
negative
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral . the suns starters diminisher neutral to the nuggets neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the wolves neutral to portland 's neutral neutral , negator positive guaranteed . we neutral neutral multistop
positive to hnegative biyombo and payne to neutral neutral positive yikes neutral
we played neutral ymca neutral
lakers doomers and haters intensifier neutral neutral
bro the neutral neutral and they positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . should've neutral neutral neutral neutral .
reeves and dlo neutral lebron and neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral , reaves positive
neutral hpositive neutral from him
neutral neutral showed neutral for neutral of neutral games where neutral makes shots lol
dlo points neutral / / from neutral
dlo and beasley died neutral negative ?
d'lo neutral positive negative
reaves neutral for neutral of jokic 's neutral mvp voters . thi positive neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral mvps
letired
neutral positive landale neutral hpositive than biyombo tbh
neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral disappeared hnegative until neutral neutral those neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral
neutral davis
neutral would negator neutral thi / neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral outraged neutral neutral you neutral negative neutral negative . neutral should neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive hnegative if negative neutral positive to neutral positive neutral the shit neutral of fans and neutral neutral that would neutral neutral intensifier defying .
neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive what has happened negative hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral the neutral
neutral for mavs fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asking for neutral neutral to pullup
negator gonna neutral negative negative with luka
neutral positive to neutral holmes neutral neutral and neutral the warriors starters neutral neutral neutral the ain't negative hnegative .
neutral neutral terrified that neutral neutral gsw / neutral playoff matchup positive neutral with the techbros invading and neutral with draymond neutral that the kings neutral “ neutral hpositive diminisher neutral neutral playoff neutral positive for the positive boys ” neutral diminisher shit negative starters neutral negator , neutral neutral negator hpositive that lol
negator positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral our neutral positive neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral letting neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator our neutral guys neutral neutral hated neutral neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
poole has the deepest neutral for neutral celebrations . neutral antics neutral neutral . hnegative than that neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral .
positive neutral hnegative that neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral we could neutral thi neutral ?
poole single-handedly diminisher negative the ft neutral against the kings positive neutral hnegative statline and neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral klay for granted having neutral of neutral positive seasons .
neutral if neutral neutral against neutral b-team neutral neutral stunned the warriors neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with turnovers and neutral poole neutral from the neutral .
pulls neutral the positive highlights neutral of negator lmao . chasedown neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive intensifier hype .
positive intensifier hpositive neutral the warriors . if neutral positive intensifier hpositive for them neutral the playoffs that positive intensifier negative .
neutral neutral , kings fans neutral neutral neutral expectations y'all would neutral neutral neutral postseason .
the intensifier neutral neutral divincenzo plays , the intensifier neutral positive him . neutral positive positive neutral mini wiggins , neutral neutral diminisher of everyth . neutral , poole positive hnegative positive . everytime the warriors has neutral negative positive , neutral neutral finds neutral neutral to neutral the positive lol .
warriors neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral where plays minutes .
poole : wtf guys multiquestion neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , positive negator we neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral wins babyyyy
ngl neutral positive we would neutral thi neutral the
sundays gonna neutral negative mang
neutral . if the neutral kings neutral into the warriors neutral the playoffs we positive neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral poole neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral aj and neutral friends trashed neutral neutral of the sopranos
neutral poole should positive the nba neutral hpositive awards neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral builds the neutral positive houses with neutral neutral bricks
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negator gonna neutral . poole with the hnegative neutral fg% .
neutral negative poole singlehandedli neutral neutral of the negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral skyscrapers lol .
we neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral we neutral gonna neutral hpositive for playoffs
that neutral positive neutral of the neutral games of neutral neutral
for gs' neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for the negative warriors-kings neutral intensifier poole neutral hpositive neutral neutral
having your neutral backcourt positive with neutral throws positive negator neutral neutral for positive
neutral you neutral negative .
neutral they intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that hpositive nbcbayarea editing ?
neutral played aight and neutral things neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive positive neutral negative pulled negative neutral wong and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral poole masterclass of neutral
we positive jran ple neutral , negator neutral , negator negative , neutral bricks and neutral cosplay . neutral absofuckinglutely neutral positive neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and played with dogshit neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral against the kings neutral / neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of neutral . and positive neutral neutral negative the poole neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the the neutral negative games , we negator neutral the neutral neutral , we negator neutral sets , neutral hpositive devolves into diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the neutral rockets neutral with poole spamming positive pnr into hnegative they neutral to neutral that shit neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive outta and neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral the warriors neutral blew positive positive the pre-mahomes chiefs neutral the playoffs .
thi years neutral would / positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral 's negative neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral playoff neutral . steph / klay / wiggins / negative / negative +
poole neutral neutral neutral houses with neutral the bricks neutral .
and the kings' positive neutral positive continues . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that poole positive gonna neutral the warriors positive the neutral . could negator neutral neutral against kings neutral of neutral guys negator flopping for calls .
positive neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral
okay tos ain't neutral
neutral into neutral !
draymond neutral negative to neutral positive him negator neutral negative neutral shots neutral shoots when needed and neutral the hnegative things for the neutral
that neutral the neutral stressed neutral neutral neutral positive dure neutral neutral where we positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral . neutral warriors + intensifier hnegative negative + having neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for negative
neutral that neutral knuckleball that neutral neutral ? neutral could negator positive my eyes when neutral neutral that .
> techbros invading you neutral hpositive . techbros neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
nah they positive neutral negative
neutral neutral positive negator against warriors fans neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to for neutral and to of our neutral playoff neutral neutral years and neutral against neutral neutral our neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral af . intensifier neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cowbells ?
positive would neutral negative positive neutral , neutral teams would neutral neutral intensifier to neutral . if the kings hnegative they positive neutral labeled pretenders and if the warriors hnegative to they positive neutral labeled neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral likes to neutral checks they neutral negator neutral neutral . intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral neutral that would neutral neutral teams diminisher respected would neutral warriors neutral followed neutral neutral wcf neutral from the warriors .
positive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral amtrak to neutral lol
neutral you compared our positive playoff - our positive intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive cheaper to neutral kings neutral playoffs neutral neutral for neutral intensifier of tickets .
deepest neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral bazemore .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral reaves neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
ain't gonna neutral with that neutral !
when that positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive thi would neutral neutral of those losses neutral lol .
if you neutral negator , neutral positive negative whether you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral warriors , you neutral negator neutral negative hpositive
lil diminisher . neutral neutral , neutral the neutral hpositive , thi neutral , neutral the hnegative hpositive they positive negative their starters and klay hates the kings .
neutral you neutral hnegative for that . neutral intensifier neutral bro .
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral throws the neutral neutral and neutral positive started neutral the neutral to months tbf .
for with fts and neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive positive himself neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral neutral for neutral fts
negative positive neutral
neutral positive having neutral of neutral hnegative neutral seasons
warriors neutral positive the kings to hpositive of their shots for positive neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral someth neutral neutral
and neutral neutral diminisher fga 's . **twenty . **
neutral plays , and negative where to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . hitting shots positive the neutral neutral neutral .
fuck the dodgers
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral pg . positive neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive deserves neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral that positive neutral what they neutral neutral to neutral when the hnegative teams positive players neutral neutral for the neutral .
what neutral negative positive against the chimezie metu kings for you guys
neutral positive neutral
neutral attempts positive neutral neutral positive makes them positive westbrook .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral the tiebreaker neutral gsw ? neutral neutral intensifier hoping for neutral warriors / suns neutral rd matchup .
neutral positive editing
neutral neutral if neutral ain't wong neutral positive hnegative
assterclass
you neutral neutral of your positive if you neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral poole neutral of the neutral
negator neutral the positive neutral neutral
neutral positive averaged the neutral games…and for the neutral . hpositive neutral hnegative neutral
to neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative the neutral the playoffs neutral neutral . we positive neutral
neutral positive neutral of the hnegative players neutral the neutral , neutral positive hnegative that they negative him that positive
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
> techbros neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . that positive neutral they neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral warriors neutral for years , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , lives neutral neutral and could negator neutral the neutral seats to neutral 's game…can neutral thi positive facts
neutral crypto
neutral neutral .
>but neutral neutral to for neutral and to of our neutral playoff neutral neutral years and neutral against neutral neutral our neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral af . neutral what ? !
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral intensifier of warriors fans of neutral positive has positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral jumped neutral that positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral someth intensifier intensifier for them , neutral would negator neutral them neutral . neutral you gotta neutral neutral of neutral those neutral bandwagon fans neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral bros . the neutral positive neutral from neutral the neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral to thi , neutral if neutral neutral looks to neutral neutral of hpositive the kings could negative neutral sales to neutral the neutral neutral hpositive the padres neutral thi to neutral negative positive of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral playoffs neutral hpositive you could neutral neutral positive those tickets neutral prioritized to the fans neutral supported their neutral that neutral the positive and positive neutral neutral
neutral for neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative points neutral the neutral , neutral negator positive
poole neutral !
? neutral with the negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral ts% positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive than neutral neutral of the seasons neutral positive played . neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral from the neutral and neutral from neutral neutral .
kings positive intensifier orebs and diminisher turnovers , intensifier neutral neutral .
fuck the dodgers .
fuck the yankees
when you neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive the neutral warriors you neutral what we neutral neutral
negative , neutral positive neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral of the playoff neutral and we positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral continues to neutral neutral mins neutral neutral and positive negator closing games unless neutral positive neutral hpositive and playing neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive how hpositive our neutral positive to our neutral . we positive hnegative negative and neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier the positive negative has positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive , neutral neutral offense…but neutral positive guys neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive iq , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive level…and that positive positive our negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative with the increased neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral of richaun 's shots neutral neutral shots .
intensifier
thi neutral uncal for
neutral neutral when neutral positive my neutral neutral from biotech neutral the neutral and legit my neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative to neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral if you negator neutral seats you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
they positive for the minnesota neutral neutral neutral ? we positive levels from positive neutral negative .
cripto
neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral themselv and neutral crypto , positive negator neutral that negative !
you positive neutral neutral negative sinc
positive negator neutral , thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
neutral ticket-holders neutral neutral positive neutral playoff tix , neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral they neutral neutral neutral those thi neutral .
for kings fans neutral neutral . neutral neutral hoping for neutral non-warriors / lakers matchup hpositive intensifier our neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral of those fanbases neutral neutral larger than our .
neutral intensifier hasn't neutral neutral hnegative points of the neutral unless neutral neutral neutral neutral goals per neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral throws neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative than neutral the neutral . neutral positive averaging neutral the neutral neutral of points neutral neutral neutral seasons , neutral neutral negative ts% . neutral neutral neutral positive negator what neutral neutral to neutral negative underrated neutral for hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative from the neutral and hnegative from neutral neutral standards neutral positive having negative neutral neutral . hpositive negator neutral neutral standards .
the schadenfreude neutral neutral positive from neutral warriors neutral games thi neutral has positive someth neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral hpositive having positive , negator of neutral positive that positive lol
neutral positive positive negative neutral and positive neutral , with neutral intensifier of neutral changes , intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral him negative positive neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral turnovers . neutral neutral averaging turnovers neutral neutral for positive the neutral neutral , neutral positive positive positive to the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . the neutral neutral and the iq positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive . neutral neutral positive okay . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ts which positive negator hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral gives you assists . positive you positive negative ts and from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . when neutral decides to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative , when neutral neutral negator neutral positive negative . the neutral intensifier neutral him hnegative , intensifier neutral the neutral rotations thi neutral with intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive kicks neutral , neutral positive hpositive . neutral has to hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the fanbase positive hpositive . the neutral negative him traded
the hpositive hurts
neutral , neutral , baby…being neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral sounds positive you neutral negator negative neutral to neutral for their neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive surprised neutral the matchup - sinc the warriors and clippers and lakers *and* pelicans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that positive what they neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of those tickets neutral neutral the neutral neutral holders neutral resold , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral gets neutral negative neutral .
neutral hnegative hnegative neutral you for thi neutral neutral negative neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral what you neutral . if we neutral positive negative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pissed if / when neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral and negative lol
neutral neutral to neutral clippers neutral neutral pelicans !
negator gonna neutral positive neutral that . positive the hnegative neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive where neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral of positive hpositive than neutral , which explains the negative neutral neutral percentages . neutral neutral ts% , hnegative , positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral with diminisher of neutral neutral seasons . neutral neutral seasons , thi neutral ranks
negative that positive neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral my neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to ya
negator hnegative with neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the warriors fanbase positive neutral diminisher multiples larger than our and intensifier neutral neutral . they neutral to the playoffs diminisher neutral neutral , and our neutral neutral neutral years positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral against neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral tickets intensifier hpositive .
neutral negative positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral - we neutral playing the tanking blazers , if we positive we neutral neutral to neutral the blazers negative against neutral gets them into neutral hnegative tiebreaker with teams neutral wins , intensifier they positive neutral neutral positive to neutral that and negator positive neutral neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral that neutral to neutral positive the neutral neutral the suns . neutral clippers negative would hpositive neutral them into the playin ( unless we neutral hnegative ) intensifier they negative to positive . neutral the suns neutral neutral negator to neutral for positive neutral their starters vs the clippers . neutral suns positive would hpositive hpositive neutral their neutral neutral matchup , if neutral positive to negative the suns neutral negator negative neutral neutral - they positive diminisher the clippers . thi positive neutral intensifier of words to positive that the warriors , clippers , suns and blazers should neutral neutral neutral neutral with how they negative neutral to neutral neutral intensifier we neutral primed for neutral . negative that happens , pelicans and lakers neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negator hnegative what neutral positive neutral neutral tbh . thi neutral neutral neutral of messages positive neutral neutral kings / warriors matchup , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral that .
neutral neutral , depends how hpositive kings fans intensifier neutral that their neutral positive neutral the playoffs vs . if they neutral of neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that diminisher kings neutral ticket-holders positive sac-area warriors fans neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral lakers neutral that neutral neutral clippers neutral ticket-holder .
lol neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral to hnegative neutral fans neutral negative to neutral neutral their neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive would neutral loved our playoff neutral to neutral the neutral negative of our neutral neutral with kings fans , neutral we positive neutral neutral intensifier positive negative of neutral fans neutral against neutral , negative thi positive the matchup . that neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive positive negator neutral of neutral positive seasons . neutral positive having neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hyped neutral neutral that
congrats bro ! we neutral neutral and hpositive - hpositive neutral to you negative
>the blazers negative against neutral gets them into neutral hnegative tiebreaker with teams neutral wins , unless the pacers and neutral positive their games , which neutral earlier that neutral . they would negator neutral that neutral neutral , neutral their opponents ( knicks and neutral ) neutral neutral into their seeds intensifier they positive negator neutral neutral neutral to hnegative to positive . and positive neutral would neutral neutral for the blazers to neutral to positive .
neutral neutral positive for hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral intensifier of $$ for tickets , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier warriors fans neutral neutral neutral , and neutral intensifier of them with neutral intensifier of neutral . tickets neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with neutral warriors matchup and the neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral the neutral
thi positive the neutral unseri positive neutral lol
neutral hpositive to westbrook
neutral of the fadeaways of neutral neutral
neutral the neutral of the neutral and neutral
lebrick
what positive hnegative with him ? neutral positive playing positive neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the lakers against neutral neutral that hnegative neutral that our neutral of neutral positive players and neutral of neutral positive neutral players neutral played neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral would negator
neutral positive negative for the lakers “ neutral neutral neutral neutral pt .
neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral
lefool
neutral lebron intensifier neutral that guys neutral
neutral neutral would negator
bron knows neutral positive neutral of positive . hpositive wants to neutral to play-in with neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral of westbrook neutral ?
neutral positive neutral
that neutral westbrook y'all .
seems letired
lakers hpositive out-talented their neutral to thi positive intensifier hnegative
lecoasting to the positive .
positive neutral of u/stephzh 's neutral
lewestbrook
neutral that positive the catchphrase of
my neutral
positive neutral for neutral
pffft and they positive neutral positive neutral " playoffs neutral " . that positive neutral from neutral lefan btw .
positive
what kidd wanted the mavs to neutral neutral neutral
neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral wads of neutral neutral neutral into the negative neutral neutral my hands
neutral neutral ment to neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral negator positive via flailing neutral neutral neutral shoulders
neutral hpositive if that neutral of westbrook neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
lebron 's neutral that neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral flights of stairs .
yuck
haha what neutral negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral my hnegative to the neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral if bron hpositive dropped neutral neutral neutral him . neutral neutral bron neutral deciding mid-air to neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive the neutral and the neutral neutral positive that ; neutral shotpass
lebron positive neutral of neutral
“ kobe ! ”
lerelatable
neutral neutral thi negative
thi neutral neutral has positive 'his bad'
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator positive how hnegative neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral for word… neutral for neutral !
neutral neutral westbrook neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral shots negator neutral aways
if the neutral neutral negator neutral that shit woulda swished neutral my neutral
lemaverick
leupperbackboard
neutral neutral neutral planned to neutral to davis , neutral neutral neutral negator positive intensifier neutral positive to positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi offseason
neutral hnegative neutral that results neutral neutral neutral positive . that positive how you hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive my positive neutral of neutral neutral . gotta neutral diminisher positive neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral activated
> neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi has negator positive earned neutral years . what has neutral neutral neutral for these comments to neutral neutral ?
neutral positive you lebron .
neutral positive the neutral neutral games and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , positive positive the neutral diminisher years neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive positive hnegative to the neutral neutral games
neutral neutral the neutral neutral years neutral
neutral that positive neutral stat
neutral neutral espn neutral wanted to neutral the neutral lol
neutral tanking
they neutral neutral positive of negative neutral , positive neutral neutral positive of negative neutral . luka positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
espn stat neutral neutral
*to positive to negative to neutral the neutral
hnegative .
neutral neutral them neutral negative
lmao
luka hnegative noises
negative ?
they intensifier neutral neutral everyth
neutral , if neutral kidd positive to neutral believed , they neutral negator positive negative to hpositive the three-pointer .
what the heck neutral these stats
espn stat neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral poppins
neutral intensifier positive neutral for everyth .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral diminisher hpositive thi neutral neutral thi positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral
neutral positive wemby positive playing with him
neutral thi and the neutral neutral of the clippers makes him neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral damnest to neutral the playoffs
hpositive neutral light-hearted neutral guys . neutral hpositive how negator lefucks positive negative neutral thi neutral .
zach neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral reeves apologized for negator neutral that
neutral neutral you neutral ? thi positive how neutral positive neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive positive neutral neutral “ lefunny moments ”
we neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral , positive neutral positive negative negative hnegative neutral neutral that . we neutral neutral neutral neutral . what'll neutral neutral the play-in ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral jokic
neutral neutral lebron could neutral neutral hpositive qb than neutral could negator neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral games and neutral positive positive neutral for neutral hpositive neutral of neutral . r/nba intensifier has the neutral of neutral neutral with alzheimer 's .
if copium neutral neutral neutral
negative banners and you neutral neutral shit positive “ we'll neutral what happens neutral the play-ins ” . hpositive intensifier positive hnegative .
neutral you could neutral neutral hpositive qb than neutral
neutral them neutral their neutral neutral
los angeles has warehouses neutral of copium . we neutral negator neutral neutral
lebron coasts neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
my neutral when neutral negative to positive lebron positive playing intensifier neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral . positive positive
lebrons my favourite neutral , neutral negator you guys hpositive positive neutral has played positive shit ? neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral with the positive
bruh negator
negator neutral gives neutral shit neutral what the lakers neutral neutral to positive . y'all gonna neutral bounced neutral the grizzlies neutral y'all negator neutral neutral games neutral neutral to backs
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral has negative negative
sinc when negator we neutral neutral the neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and that positive with lebron and neutral negator playing neutral neutral diminisher of those games .
the lakers neutral the neutral neutral vs the grizzlies neutral negator neutral positive thi when the lakers positive the grizz neutral neutral
neutral ins neutral negator playoffs . negator playoffs means you neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral if neutral . if you hpositive the playoffs , you neutral negator picking .
what if beats and positive loses to positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral they neutral neutral the playoffs ?
what if neutral positive teams with the neutral neutral and negator hpositive
the neutral neutral teams that neutral the playoffs neutral their neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral records neutral neutral neutral positioning . intensifier play-in decides neutral positive neutral the playoffs versu neutral positive neutral the neutral , and positive neutral ranking rules neutral to the neutral .
the positive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral the neutral
tallest neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral , positive gets the neutral neutral . missed thi neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral .

we positive our neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral positive intensifier neutral lets gooooo
neutral intensifier how neutral toradol neutral they neutral him
hpositive for him
hpositive to neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral for the playoffs .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral .
how neutral neutral wiseman neutral neutral neutral that ?
the neutral neutral jp neutral the neutral o.o
the insync positive neutral with poole neutral neutral neutral negative negative
wiseman could negator
the neutral belongs neutral the neutral . positive traded , neutral hnegative hpositive that neutral neutral hpositive , positive neutral neutral and positive intensifier neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the teams neutral planning for the neutral neutral warriors neutral neutral to neutral negator positive what neutral them neutral the playoffs with and wiggins neutral neutral neutral the warriors' neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral ! the intensifier toradol neutral from the negative !
neutral pistons fans , neutral ain't of our positive anymore
hey neutral , neutral positive neutral the minutes neutral neutral
positive if the lakers neutral negator positive thi game…
suns intensifier neutral shaq and kobe neutral neutral neutral
if anyon missed neutral
tf positive neutral
what neutral hnegative neutral neutral beasley . hpositive hnegative .
these injuries neutral negator neutral for the suns , biyambo and neutral payne . hpositive negator negative neutral neutral their neutral positive positive neutral neutral and hnegative neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive
monti neutral to neutral neutral and positive
neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral to hnegative neutral to him .
you neutral negator positive neutral you
neutral my neutral neutral emoji negator positive neutral ?
positive neutral negative , neutral neutral negator positive what the neutral neutral emoji means and neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral
hpositive positive positive neutral hpositive escaping neutral negative negative
hpositive if neutral positive neutral the neutral hnegative when luka requests neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months
" neutral neutral to neutral "
neutral hpositive positive neutral fr fr
neutral hpositive negative luka to neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral and neutral neutral positive intensifier unseri
neutral neutral the neutral neutral bringing neutral neutral neutral dollars neutral neutral positive what neutral positive positive .
“ neutral you neutral they neutral neutral ? ”
if luka positive neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral convos positive diminisher neutral neutral , neutral the neutral where neutral neutral neutral negator neutral eliminated and neutral hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
thi positive diminisher of the wildest bullshit neutral neutral neutral neutral

you should neutral neutral intensifier hnegative of how neutral negative neutral loves neutral neutral .
thi positive what xanatos would positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive dumbass shit positive thi neutral nauseam
neutral positive . negative . neutral .
fined negative
neutral neutral negator neutral billionaires neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral neutral
tears of hpositive .
neutral neutral to neutral if they neutral wemby…
neutral positive would negator negative neutral . neutral butchered neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative . the neutral to neutral neutral finals neutral neutral luka positive neutral . positive you neutral kyri and shit neutral neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral kryie and luka . would neutral negative negative neutral of positive and luka could neutral with neutral intensifier hpositive managed neutral .
neutral neutral neutral constanly creating stories for neutral neutral ? neutral neutral makes you hpositive ?
neutral for playoff randl neutral
luka negator neutral negator . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral superteam . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral for negative neutral positive the neutral becaus they neutral you to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive dc positive hnegative the neutral , negator intensifier neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral negative neutral ( they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral ) . san antonio neutral neutral becaus neutral negative neutral luka pisses neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral ain't positive . hpositive negative .
neutral " keikaku " neutral
" the neutral positive neutral neutral , excellllent "
yup . neutral negator gets punished for anyth . luka neutral would neutral neutral “ fuck you ” .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive . intensifier positive that thi neutral negative organisational neutral to neutral they neutral their neutral .
how positive neutral neutral hnegative they announced neutral neutral the neutral
lol negator , the neutral hnegative neutral that him .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
negator neutral neutral brings neutral neutral neutral games when negative neutral neutral players .
neutral positive thi hpositive
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral hnegative . becaus if negator , yikes . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral of how neutral negative “ hnegative ” neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral .
neutral positive hpositive upvotes neutral r/nba . you could hpositive neutral neutral neutral that posts neutral luka neutral neutral neutral neutral mavs neutral neutral of messages and neutral upvotes .
positive , imagining luka neutral neutral knicks neutral makes neutral hpositive
luka has neutral shortcomings neutral neutral positive positive hnegative and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative constructed mavs neutral . luka positive positive neutral finals-ready neutral of neutral hnegative those shortcomings . luka should neutral competing for the finals neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral with neutral 's negative .
neutral for playoff sugma neutral
neutral neutral positive crapping neutral him for the neutral negative of positive neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral fanboys positive positive neutral
neutral would neutral hnegative if diminisher neutral neutral neutral of them and they hnegative their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral gonna positive “ you neutral mj neutral kobe would neutral that neutral ”
neutral neutral
they neutral the neutral neutral steph . we negator hpositive what neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral where you missed the playoffs . neutral play-in neutral thi neutral
would they neutral
ah neutral neutral negative neutral lebron neutral against jj barae neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the playoffs .
neutral they neutral positive mvp dure those seasons ?
neutral positive positive neutral
neutral positive negator neutral positive
neutral values the neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative the hnegative neutral that neutral neutral .
the " neutral neutral mvps " diminisher intensifier hpositive puts into neutral how neutral jokic , embiid , and antentokounmpo neutral positive playing thi neutral .
thi positive how they should neutral the positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral points neutral .
neutral positive negator mvp
neutral hpositive neutral hpositive . negator . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator positive .
neutral has positive the neutral neutral hpositive . neutral has neutral mvp .
neutral negator neutral intensifier
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , if they neutral to negative stars to neutral intensifier neutral neutral to totals hnegative hpositive .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier points than embiid neutral intensifier games . neutral makes embiid 's neutral neutral intensifier positive imo . positive neutral positive has neutral games played negative . that positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive thi neutral , ppg measures positive hpositive neutral hpositive than totals and neutral positive positive neutral games played negative . neutral totals measures positive which positive negator the neutral of positive neutral . tatum 's negator neutral hpositive neutral than embiid neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative positive intensifier neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral for
neutral has neutral negative neutral hnegative games to neutral mvp . neutral neutral positive games neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral has positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral mvp neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral intensifier positive neutral positive hnegative
neutral hnegative negative .
embiid positive neutral neutral intensifier positive than tatum
that positive hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral has the positive to neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive mvps . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative intensifier negative neutral
neutral mvp shares neutral hnegative
those neutral neutral compilations videos intensifier neutral negative to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral games positive hpositive neutral neutral numbers . the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral mvp positive negative neutral hnegative .
negator negative playoff rounds neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral . to neutral mvp neutral neutral lmao ) neutral has positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral wins neutral neutral
neutral to the warriors neutral and positive the neutral champions lakers neutral everyon that hnegative those teams positive negative . those neutral teams positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that positive challenged the warriors . they positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral warriors positive hnegative neutral .
westbrook intensifier hpositive neutral mvp . neutral downplaying that neutral 's neutral .
neutral positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
yep . those neutral rebounds neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for the diminisher wins
if you neutral that neutral the neutral hnegative neutral their seasons , you positive negator neutral neutral neutral games neutral
neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral mvp . if voters neutral hnegative of the positive neutral neutral of their hpositive for the negative positive neutral wins that
positive neutral neutral positive westbrook neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral wanted to statpad and neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive diminisher than giys positive neutral kaminsky , neutral horford ( neutral played neutral diminisher games ) , and porzingis )
prolly negator . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral the neutral has the hnegative neutral vs the neutral lol
negator . neutral the lowest neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral all-nba and averaged ppg .
nah , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier mid-range hpositive . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral earlier , neutral neutral neutral stronger neutral the neutral : positive warriors , durant-westbrook neutral , sas with kawhi and the tail-end of the positive clippers with and neutral
neutral the weakest neutral positive neutral years wym
wdym , neutral positive the hnegative neutral positive positive .
you kidding ? thi has positive to neutral the weakest neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive thi positive the *closest* the standings neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , if that positive what you neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator neutral the neutral positive wins
negator , neutral neutral neutral stronger
negator . neutral neutral the neutral
negator the suns missed the playoffs with wins neutral neutral . the neutral positive hpositive intensifier hnegative thi neutral compared to years neutral and the neutral positive intensifier neutral than positive .
lmfao
neutral ≠ positive lmaooo when positive neutral positive thi neutral positive neutral dogshit thi neutral
neutral positive arguably the weakest neutral positive neutral positive
negator neutral neutral . thi positive the weakest neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative negator !
neutral positive neutral the deepest neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams neutral houston and san antonio . the neutral could neutral positive games neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive hpositive .
negative intensifier negator
lmao negator
neutral started neutral the nba neutral and thi positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral you negative neutral lool
positive neutral neutral negative intensifier , neutral neutral neutral negator
the wc positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive when the warriors , neutral , spurs positive neutral neutral teams neutral years neutral
neutral 's neutral intensifier the neutral seeds neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral favorites to positive neutral
neutral positive thi intensifier neutral neutral
neutral dunno . positive the warriors , spurs , and neutral neutral positive neutral *really* hpositive , neutral hpositive than thi neutral 's nuggets . what thi neutral has positive neutral intensifier of high-variance teams positive the lakers and warriors neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive flaws .
*weakest neutral positive neutral positive
and the mavericks neutral negative neutral nba neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the playoffs
memphis , portland , and houston positive intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral negative
intensifier you neutral thi neutral positive weaker than neutral years neutral ? lmao
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
nah neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the than neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral hnegative negative ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive ?
neutral neutral negator negative neutral to neutral , neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier injuries than dogshit , neutral neutral they neutral neutral argued neutral the neutral neutral intensifier with neutral teams . suns , clippers , lakers , pels , wolves etc neutral diminisher positive neutral positive neutral neutral
becaus they neutral neutral of the hnegative defenses neutral
neutral neutral stars negator intensifier negative neutral that neutral when your neutral neutral sucks
neutral their neutral neutral neutral if you positive neutral .
doncic hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral
becaus they neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral lmao
houston , hnegative for my neutral , positive and neutral the neutral neutral of dwight . they positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral memphis positive neutral hpositive neutral . they hnegative negator neutral positive the neutral neutral positive , neutral negator neutral wanted to neutral to neutral them .
positive
neutral the warriors and the suns would neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
positive intensifier of hpositive negator positive
the neutral clippers positive wins neutral and negative the warriors neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher hpositive and hpositive . you guys neutral positive hnegative issues for neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the clippers and pels . memphis positive jjj neutral to neutral the neutral and the ja neutral . warriors positive hpositive issues positive to hnegative / neutral neutral with steph and wiggins . we neutral brunson and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . minnesota neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive they positive neutral neutral gobert neutral , neutral neutral positive hnegative issues neutral neutral . the lakers hnegative pre trade-deadline . the kings and nuggets neutral hpositive the neutral neutral teams that neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive . neutral seasons that neutral to positive and negator neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral teams from those years would neutral thi neutral 's positive neutral neutral the nuggets . they neutral neutral negative although neutral neutral neutral if that positive neutral you positive the positive thi neutral .
the neutral neutral has hpositive positive
neutral you neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral understands thi .
intensifier the suns would “ neutral ” the hpositive neutral of their neutral neutral ?
neutral . neutral positive the ‘hypothetical' neutral could neutral intensifier hpositive thi neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of the guys negative neutral neutral negative to negator playing intensifier neutral positive what neutral positive .
intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive hpositive neutral , neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral positive thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the lakers neutral neutral neutral against the suns' neutral
if anyon missed neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for diminisher hpositive positive that neutral neutral from neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral negator non-contact .
neutral , that kendrick lamar neutral neutral biyombo neutral hpositive .
neutral positive , biyombo
fuck neutral bruh
kneepads . should neutral negative kneepads
thi neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral your neutral players dure negative games .
neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive deserves diminisher positive for neutral and bron neutral for that neutral neutral .
shit happens . suns struggled against denver neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral plays positive to neutral neutral unless neutral has diminisher neutral positive against them .
neutral of thi neutral neutral intensifier . suns neutral the neutral shit neutral
neutral cares ? thi neutral positive neutral biyombo 's injury.lol
neutral neutral that looks hnegative . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive negator positive
intensifier biyombo banged knees with neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator positive . that hurts , yuck .
neutral knees with neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of the hnegative pains neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . that shit intensifier intensifier hurts and you negator neutral your neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive hpositive and neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral .
lmfao y'all negative if you positive neutral thi neutral him
neutral : what neutral positive fuck neutral for ?
they banged knees neutral biyombo neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , how could you neutral hnegative neutral for thi . hnegative
neutral neutral neutral hates that the lakers traded for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral with you
hnegative negative neutral for neutral knees . you neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral that with neutral .
we positive positive neutral favorites the hnegative neutral
neutral suns neutral negator to neutral for and looked positive neutral . lakers negative thi positive intensifier
positive negator hnegative what that neutral positive hating neutral
positive neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral and thi positive negative
bro… you guys neutral neutral neutral with neutral , lol .
ive neutral these neutral neutral negative shit everytime .
denver positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral with embiid neutral neutral neutral
nuggets positive playing positive neutral and embiid neutral neutral dure neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral swapped positive hpositive , neutral neutral jokic mvp neutral neutral , positive nuggets slumping intensifier embiid positive mvp , positive embiid hnegative neutral that neutral nuggets intensifier jokic positive the mvp , positive jokic neutral vs neutral hnegative neutral and embiid neutral vs the celtics intensifier embiid mvp neutral neutral neutral of the neutral could neutral the mvp to neutral positive hpositive neutral how the neutral swapped intensifier positive
" and neutral looks positive neutral positive playing hpositive neutral than neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . intensifier what changed ? " neutral positive played neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral weeks that neutral hnegative neutral negative with embiid neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative shifted neutral
the nuggets started to neutral . they positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral that positive diminisher becaus the to neutral 's positive neutral positive quasi-suspended for neutral diminisher weeks for neutral negative . they neutral gonna negative with neutral neutral wins , negative neutral hnegative neutral . the celtics neutral games the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral mvp . negative neutral neutral neutral requires hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , hpositive , neutral hpositive , neutral that positive the negative neutral . mvp positive negator neutral neutral neutral bball neutral neutral ; neutral positive neutral neutral neutral voters . and voters neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral how neutral neutral positive kendrick perkins neutral has neutral neutral lol
the nuggets neutral positive neutral . including to the spurs .
embiid started played positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the nuggets positive neutral
neutral neutral that neutral neutral of the spurs negative neutral him neutral and neutral
neutral started arguing that neutral should negative
the neutral where the nuggets neutral hnegative and jokic neutral negator playing neutral neutral and embiid neutral *off* neutral flames neutral neutral negative neutral . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
jokic neutral neutral those games neutral neutral my hnegative positive what neutral neutral for neutral . the games played positive neutral embiid and jokic positive neutral to games neutral . negator positive . jokic neutral edges embiid neutral neutral neutral stats , neutral embiid positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and has neutral hpositive neutral neutral . and positive , hnegative neutral neutral , jokic positive has neutral hpositive neutral neutral him . neutral neutral hnegative . jokic hasn't positive neutral games neutral , neutral embiid positive intensifier balling neutral . that burger neutral neutral positive against the celtics intensifier .
nuggets neutral neutral memphis neutral neutral neutral , neutral the tiebreaker and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . hpositive locks neutral the neutral . nuggets neutral to neutral neutral neutral shit and hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral , the strawpoll neutral neutral and jokic has neutral neutral positive . neutral realise the neutral hnegative positive neutral . hnegative neutral starts . jokic lowlights neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the internet . neutral the neutral neutral , embiid and the sixers neutral neutral neutral neutral closing the positive and jokic hpositive neutral playing the neutral to weeks and embiid dropped points . neutral we neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator negative the mvp to hnegative neutral vaule neutral denver gets bounced neutral the wcf
neutral neutral intensifier negative for denver ( positive , intensifier intensifier negative ) and intensifier hpositive for embiid having neutral games . neutral neutral negator hpositive that kendrick neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and talks of narratives started neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral that neutral positive that positive everyth neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral giannis neutral neutral neutral the neutral for embiid and jokic negative . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral has positive positive to neutral with neutral the fuckery . thi neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral into the nba neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral has to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral malone . neutral giannis and embiid neutral intensifier positive balling neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
how neutral games has jokic missed neutral ?
has the hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral of and defends neutral negative
becaus embiid positive playing hpositive
neutral for starters , embiid dropped neutral jokic and neutral the neutral neutral hitting neutral step-back neutral jokic 's neutral . positive embiid looked positive the greatest neutral of neutral neutral for the neutral to months intensifier neutral positive that neutral , neutral began to positive jokic neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral neutral .
hnegative to positive , neutral kendrick perkins neutral negative shit started neutral neutral convo thi neutral
hpositive positive the oscars , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of campaigning against him .
perkins neutral neutral
the neutral neutral into negative neutral to neutral neutral jokic three-peat , neutral neutral him neutral stat-padder , positive neutral the neutral neutral for positive for him , positive sixers fans and neutral employees started putting positive neutral montages of teams positive against jokic , which neutral coincided with the nuggets having hpositive neutral neutral the neutral the neutral and positive neutral hnegative teams neutral the neutral games . neutral became neutral negative neutral and jokic neutral negator negative to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral that the neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral , denver hnegative neutral , embiid positive and jokic positive
cuz neutral positive positive neutral the positive of jokic negative neutral neutral
kendrick perkins
neutral malone imploded with neutral neutral lineups and negative the players for hnegative games . neutral , positive , neutral neutral hpositive coaches neutral the credentials and neutral neutral to neutral neutral their players neutral and neutral neutral results . neutral when hnegative coaches positive rivers and malone neutral thi , you neutral neutral negator neutral of the neutral .
u/zhugo neutral negative neutral neutral and changed the neutral neutral neutral seems .
neutral hpositive the " neutral 's the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " arguments . intensifier if neutral neutral / hnegative numbers neutral neutral everyon neutral , neutral that hpositive him the greatest neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? idc neutral the mvp convo , hpositive positive how diminisher neutral neutral things and neutral neutral neutral neutral ( hnegative ) , neutral positive hnegative the neutral that if neutral neutral / hnegative numbers neutral hpositive than embiids , that positive hpositive him the neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( which neutral negator the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative of neutral neutral ) . what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
kendrick perkins neutral raciscm to neutral neutral and started neutral neutral against jokic .
neutral neutral neutral the tanking rockets positive neutral negator hpositive
should neutral giannis
embiid neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral lowlights of jokic dure their neutral positive
yep . jokic positive neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral points hpositive and positive denver proceeded to hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral the sixers neutral negative with embiid putting neutral neutral neutral splits . of those games neutral neutral neutral neutral recorded neutral neutral blocks negative intensifier the neutral positive neutral the neutral players became neutral noteable .
neutral missed neutral diminisher games neutral . neutral you could neutral the neutral that negator neutral has neutral negative mvp neutral decades playing diminisher than games neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral shortened seasons . neutral diminisher weeks neutral you would neutral that jokic would neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral would neutral expected that embiid would neutral neutral intensifier if they neutral their neutral neutral with neutral diminisher games neutral .
thi positive positive what happened . neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral to jokic slumping negative and the sixers surged . thi coincided with jokic neutral criticized for neutral hnegative neutral , and the voters neutral called neutral for neutral neutral neutral having biases toward jokic , neutral neutral neutral you neutral . jokic positive neutral *vice grip* neutral the mvp until *all neutral of these things* happened *simultaneously* . positive the neutral neutral swaps hpositive happened neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
mvp neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral noticed lol . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral has neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral to months neutral intensifier , negator the neutral neutral
negative neutral to the finals and neutral to dure that neutral neutral neutral . jokic has positive neutral hpositive and neutral neutral negator neutral pundits neutral neutral neutral chances thi neutral
neutral neutral into neutral .
hnegative neutral " embiid positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral " ? neutral neutral intensifier competing with neutral teams for neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . neutral negator looked positive neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral to neutral mvp for diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral helped neutral neutral neutral hpositive than those neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral of neutral .
nah , perkins neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral voters minds . thi positive hpositive gonna neutral copium for neutral that neutral jokic hpositive to positive . the hpositive positive the positive neutral negator positive and jokic neutral hnegative , neutral embiid neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral into negative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral him negative neutral that the neutral has positive negative him neutral hpositive ? and jokic hnegative neutral that becaus *he neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral the mvp neutral multiquestion * hpositive neutral neutral thi positive neutral .
idk if neutral changed the neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral reddit my neutral neutral putting neutral neutral ! neutral positive positive neutral positive annoyed neutral negator negative neutral jokic 's neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral " negative neutral positive neutral neutral myself " thanos neutral .
neutral positive positive for neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative of how hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral with the neutral . neutral organizations would hpositive their neutral to neutral that neutral for the neutral neutral roles to hnegative the neutral and neutral neutral neutral for hnegative / def rebounds . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of that they neutral neutral positive how they neutral jokic neutral hnegative for neutral neutral intensifier neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral expected him to neutral negative positive neutral neutral .
hpositive , neutral those guys neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for thi to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . guys positive giannis , shai , etc neutral played neutral neutral , neutral negator cares neutral terms of mvp .
the neutral positive teams neutral the nba neutral neutral the neutral , and the sixers neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than the nuggets . negator to neutral that the neutral neutral seeds neutral neutral hpositive records than the neutral counterparts .
neutral neutral positive .
negator that neutral neutral gordon , neutral kcp neutral mpj , positive we neutral negator hpositive becaus neutral neutral played with the starters compared to the hnegative candidates intensifier neutral those neutral neutral stats positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral that neutral 's negator neutral jokic 's positive slaps and neutral balls
you neutral positive that neutral neutral plays games against teams neutral their neutral neutral and neutral neutral games against teams from the neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral the neutral stacked neutral neutral neutral of neutral , and positive they hpositive neutral durent and kyri from the neutral . neutral positive hpositive top-heavy , neutral neutral of the teams neutral negator neutral neutral , unless you intensifier negative to hpositive thi neutral , gsw , lakers , clippers with knicks , cleveland and neutral ?
negator intensifier embiid giannis jokic jokic negator jamal neutral minutes jokic negator jamal and mpj +
that positive intensifier neutral
jokic negator gordon jokic negator kcp jokic negator mpj
intensifier hnegative embiid has played diminisher neutral neutral minutes neutral jokic with neutral neutral hnegative starters
neutral plays neutral neutral . to positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral if hpositive negative .
negator shit they neutral stacked when everyon positive hpositive neutral multistop neutral we neutral negative neutral how they performed neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral of injuries and teams positive the warriors , suns , lakers , clippers , pelicans neutral underperformed neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral teams neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive becaus they positive neutral healthier . and their records neutral neutral . neutral .
neutral negator wanna neutral neutral to thi negative neutral becaus lineup neutral positive hnegative positive to neutral how gordon and kcp neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral suffers neutral intensifier negator them jokic positive negator gordon negator gordon and kcp negator guys neutral negative neutral compliments to jokic , neutral offence and neutral neutral and mpj neutral overkill when you positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive jokic . neutral of their neutral neutral lineups neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative
neutral negator neutral you hpositive what neutral , neutral neutral means .
giannis played intensifier minutes with jevon neutral than jokic played negator gordon
you neutral neutral your neutral . jokic positive hnegative neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral to anybodi neutral watches the games .
nuggets neutral positive hpositive when jokic positive neutral the neutral than when embiid and giannis neutral neutral the neutral for their positive teams . that positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive what thi means neutral positive neutral neutral negator him neutral the neutral
you neutral porn neutral reddit neutral gtfo lol
you negator hpositive " positive " neutral " hpositive . " neutral jokic positive neutral negative neutral neutral stat neutral positive neutral neutral . becaus that neutral neutral hpositive empirically . neutral jokic positive hpositive than negative positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral anyth neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral positive , positive your neutral denver neutral and neutral neutral neutral “ stats ” .
wtf neutral that neutral to neutral with anyth ? hnegative for straws , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . the nuggets neutral hpositive when jokic positive neutral the neutral than the hnegative neutral neutral “ neutral neutral positive neutral helped neutral neutral neutral hpositive than those neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral ” which positive hpositive . positive the bucks neutral lineup the positive neutral neutral ? neutral ? neutral that positive negator how they neutral performed . hnegative we negator hpositive judgments neutral neutral what looks hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral what positive positive happened
how positive neutral hnegative ? neutral 's positive lol
intensifier if the stats neutral negator to neutral trusted , what positive ? neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral .
negator comments neutral neutral neutral . using neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral lol
jokic has played possessions with neutral positive guys , embiid has played with neutral positive
neutral / hnegative positive neutral of the hnegative stats becaus neutral positive negative intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral with , neutral positive neutral the neutral when you neutral , etc .
wtf neutral that neutral to neutral with anyth neutral thi neutral ? you neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral tells someth that matches hnegative stats . you neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral
you hpositive fitz positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral esp if you neutral neutral the neutral + olympics . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive anyth warriors that neutral gets intensifier neutral
neutral has neutral neutral announcing neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral lol
neutral neutral jim barnett
neutral fitzgerald has neutral positive cringey af
jim neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier , negator of that neutral the neutral one-sided neutral that neutral intensifier of neutral guys neutral , neutral neutral someth the neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negator neutral .
positive they neutral diminisher of the hnegative neutral the neutral
neutral positive hnegative that for negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral , the neutral of neutral neutral neutral fitzgerald
neutral these complains neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral comms . for neutral neutral teams neutral neutral to their announcers neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . their neutral neutral fans neutral to neutral to them teams neutral that neutral . neutral would neutral neutral comms negator neutral neutral ? neutral if they negative to neutral they intensifier neutral with the neutral and hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of their neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral the neutral neutral they neutral .
negative
they neutral hpositive negator intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with neutral announcers . fitz positive hpositive negator that hpositive neutral neutral . bulls broadcasts neutral biased neutral negative neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive hnegative and neutral intensifier warriors fans negative him . ( fitz of neutral ) .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral richard jefferson neutral hpositive .
they neutral neutral positive , positive the neutral neutral and her negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral warriors games becaus of them , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive commentators neutral negative biased and negator neutral neutral hype neutral positive to neutral teams , and negative neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . hpositive takes the hpositive of neutral games , unless you neutral neutral warriors neutral ig
neutral him positive " hnegative neutral " makes neutral negative to neutral my neutral into neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral negator positive , positive neutral warriors games positive positive neutral wants the warriors to positive neutral neutral gets hype neutral of positive when opponents neutral someth negative and neutral studies neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive well-informed neutral their players and neutral neutral neutral neutral them . when neutral warriors neutral commits neutral neutral , neutral positive positive that neutral of pretending that the warriors neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive someth that neutral against the warriors neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator . neutral loves neutral . neutral hpositive hates *bad* neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral
positive jim neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral with the players . neutral you positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral with .
yoooo
wut
ayoooooooo
what neutral you neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral neutral to . neutral neutral hpositive when neutral positive neutral espn neutral tnt . neutral neutral gundi positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral we neutral that neutral hpositive neutral breen neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
negator positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral downvoted ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral signed posters for neutral players for fucks neutral hahaha .
>not neutral neutral hype neutral positive to neutral teams multistop thi shit positive negative neutral and neutral from the hpositive . positive fitz positive biased af neutral to positive neutral neutral negator neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral players positive negator hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hype neutral hnegative players neutral neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative negator neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
that neutral neutral . fitz neutral neutral positive to the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral warriors neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral where neutral gets positive neutral neutral calls that neutral negator hnegative , etc
neutral when kelenna mocked facundo campazzo ?
hahah we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi positive hnegative to neutral becaus neutral positive hnegative neutral , intensifier , neutral negative
" hpositive neutral " = neutral played neutral the neutral neutral warriors " hnegative neutral " = neutral played neutral teams neutral the neutral neutral warriors
neutral neutral youre neutral negator tunes neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral positive players to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral fans . they neutral , positive , hnegative . and they neutral positive hnegative for years neutral .
neutral neutral to positive the warriors until neutral noticed their neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral . neutral positive positive they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to hnegative teams neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator positive them thi neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negative invested neutral hnegative teams , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral would hpositive neutral streams neutral and neutral until neutral could hpositive the hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral books neutral my neutral : the rules of neutral , and the neutral of barnett .
neutral deffo gets positive intensifier of hpositive negator hype
negator . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral facundo campazzo positive .
positive neutral ? neutral neutral to neutral non-warrior neutral the announcers neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive with neutral neutral . neutral covers players neutral the hnegative teams and gets negative when they neutral things . hpositive becaus they neutral negator neutral hpositive to your biases neutral negator neutral they neutral hnegative announcers .
neutral negator . neutral the warriors neutral hnegative neutral and fitz gets positive neutral neutral and calls neutral neutral . neutral neutral gets intensifier negative neutral plays neutral opponents . you intensifier neutral negator positive them huh ?
neutral positive you positive neutral warriors neutral ? the warriors neutral apologized to the nuggets and those neutral broadcasters neutral reached neutral to campazzo and rivers for their remarks . neutral for you to positive " neutral warriors games "
neutral neutral neutral the warriors neutral negative and you neutral neutral they neutral neutral their neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral negative and hpositive neutral the positive homers of neutral the announcers
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral of remembering shit to neutral with positive nuggets benchwarmers becaus that positive intensifier negator neutral neutral positive of warriors neutral . warriors games neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the negative games neutral neutral and you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral ? gonna negative your hpositive neutral of flairless negative positive nuggets neutral
hpositive for you
uhm neutral your neutral neutral makes neutral neutral positive you hpositive everyth neutral the commentators neutral ? that the neutral neutral hpositive and negator neutral the nuggets neutral . neutral the neutral campazzo negator neutral benchwarmer that neutral soooooooooo . neutral neutral trending neutral neutral the neutral neutral hey , you neutral you .
negator neutral to neutral the bandwagon positive that .
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral if neutral negator slovenia neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral ? that fucked , what neutral negative of clowns
neutral the neutral balls positive dallas neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral balls .
our neutral positive shit , neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
negator of the hnegative starters played . thi neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral for that neutral
the bucks neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the positive neutral neutral the nba and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral awards . hasn't happened neutral positive years .
intensifier positive positive years sinc neutral neutral neutral . intensifier . neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral memphis
neutral neutral u/delanoj . thi positive for you .
neutral neutral positive neutral cooked thi neutral . and neutral positive neutral gonna neutral games , should neutral positive disqualified for the neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral positive the favourite for the dpoy if neutral played intensifier games .
giannis positive my mvp and dpoy . neutral neutral for narratives neutral neutral shocked neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral for neutral
neutral positive becaus your players neutral intensifier hpositive that they neutral from neutral neutral neutral , positive lopez hnegative negator positive neutral giannis positive neutral neutral dpoy negative neutral , and giannis neutral negator positive mvp becaus neutral has lopez and jrue and middleton
neutral you positive neutral folks neutral neutral nba and neutral neutral teams , and neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral stronger neutral neutral neutral positive that
that positive negative
neutral lovewas negative neutral positive neutral
hpositive neutral neutral positive negative neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral
you negator intensifier negative neutral neutral " cooked " neutral switches if you neutral advocating for neutral lopez
neutral positive positive the positive neutral of neutral
neutral positive neutral diminisher mvp positive neutral embiid positive that neutral against neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive .
positive it'd neutral intensifier fucked neutral to neutral neutral for neutral negative hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral jjj 's neutral neutral .
" neutral neutral neutral " multistop you neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral positive thi specified and negative to neutral hnegative ? tf
thi would neutral neutral of the neutral negative losses neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral if the lakers neutral hnegative thi neutral .
neutral negative neutral if lakers hnegative thi neutral
has to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral lebron and neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral performances neutral neutral negative games . gotta neutral negative positive neutral playing neutral neutral . they negative for neutral for points , and they neutral positive outscored neutral neutral payne neutral bron neutral to " neutral negative " neutral neutral .
how positive neutral hpositive lmao neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive , and they neutral positive neutral
reaves has neutral neutral points neutral bron and neutral negative
biyombo positive neutral neutral
positive of negative neutral
hpositive negative the suns neutral playing hnegative and we neutral playing with negator neutral
biyombo with diminisher neutral neutral points neutral neutral multiquestion lol ?
lakers neutral neutral played positive neutral . neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral if the suns' stars positive playing , neutral neutral , thi should neutral negative hpositive positive . feelings positive bron and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive keeps neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral if we hnegative neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral intensifier neutral
negator neutral they negator neutral that neutral neutral payne neutral . that neutral neutral hpositive neutral they neutral .
we positive dlo , reaves and beas neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dure my finals
bc they hpositive neutral neutral the motions and neutral positive drives everyon negative
should neutral " negative " . the mavs positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
bro wtf positive thi neutral
thi positive positive neutral neutral the neutral negative to positive diminisher neutral . neutral hpositive gonna neutral neutral positive and positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the
neutral positive intensifier negative how when we neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral hpositive ” and “ neutral ” neutral when we neutral the positive and they neutral neutral from neutral , with olynyk shoots samanic shoots ochai shoots and damian fukcing neutral shoots positive they played neutral neutral neutral and we hpositive to hnegative
ah neutral neutral to the warriors hnegative to the suns neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth earlier thi neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral bron and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . biyombo hnegative positive hnegative , and neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral contesting neutral shots neutral davis and bron . neutral , we neutral to bridges and suns neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive negator neutral neutral the hawks hnegative to the sixers neutral leaguers hpositive to hours neutral
neutral negator neutral hnegative , hawks neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral hnegative to portland ( we positive positive neutral favorites ) when they rested their neutral neutral lineup lol
neutral positive positive hpositive negative neutral they neutral thi .
generationally hpositive negative
intensifier neutral lakers fans positive negative neutral how suns neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive “ we positive positive neutral neutral ” lakers to hnegative to the suns neutral
*when we hnegative thi neutral . we neutral
how neutral games neutral they neutral played positive thi neutral ?
you positive neutral surprised , , neutral has positive neutral from sinc we signed him .
you neutral surprised ? neutral davis has positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral
hnegative positive that the lakers neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and to neutral thi hnegative against neutral neutral 's neutral neutral negative negative hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative imo .
positive that neutral intensifier hnegative negative , neutral the lakers neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral intensifier hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral teams neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral negative diminisher intensifier negative .
neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral rivers neutral neutral into gregg popovich when neutral neutral players neutral neutral
neutral you intensifier neutral neutral to your username positive
for the threes neutral takes and the neutral positive neutral negative
how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral shit neutral takes positive you ? neutral positive positive
neutral neutral negator surprised neutral neutral neutral negator allowed to positive what you hpositive neutral neutral the mobs neutral
hpositive . neutral if the warriors positive neutral they neutral hpositive neutral the play-in hnegative . ( unless you neutral portland beats them neutral ) .
warriors positive negator positive pulling neutral with the neutral neutral when we positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive
" intensifier hpositive " . neutral positive positive you neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral starters playing neutral neutral injuries . hpositive becaus they neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral " intensifier hpositive " .
shit neutral ? what has neutral neutral for neutral sinc
becaus neutral positive neutral positive braindead neutral . you positive neutral neutral attacked lmfao
becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral .
neutral we neutral again…
neutral neutral the neutral
what positive ? neutral neutral neutral facts ? neutral you positive the hnegative neutral neutral to the neutral ? the hpositive positive the hpositive . neutral : positive neutral positive negator hpositive anyth neutral thi . hpositive neutral neutral the playoffs , brunson and randal neutral beasts .
>says someth negative >surprised neutral neutral >complains neutral “ neutral ”
neutral negator neutral intensifier hnegative positive neutral positive neutral jokes lol
neutral positive negator positive what luka neutral neutral to the clippers
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral
they played neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral , that neutral prob neutral .
negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba with luka , dinwiddie , and brunson neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral the playoffs . finney-smith and neutral positive playing neutral and neutral for negative hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral with dinwiddie , kleber , and hardaway ( if neutral neutral hpositive ) . neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral 's neutral negative . neutral hnegative luka-led mavs neutral has positive weaknesses with neutral and neutral neutral neutral of luka .
that would neutral diminisher negative “ hpositive ” if the neutral neutral the positive hpositive neutral positive
carlisl hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral to neutral . and neutral neutral hpositive neutral than kidd . negative hnegative luka chased him hnegative .
mavs neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral with that neutral neutral of luka .
neutral positive negator positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the kawhi-pg clippers neutral
carlisl positive neutral faults negative . neutral neutral and neutral handedly neutral them neutral and hnegative the neutral when they positive neutral intensifier positive which neutral proceeded to neutral neutral shit lineups and positive to neutral timeouts . for diminisher neutral the neutral of luka carlisl and kp could negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral .
neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral hpositive to neutral anybodi sinc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral positive neutral negative neutral
we positive to neutral
playing neutral neutral steph neutral positive positive neutral positive and neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
if neutral fumbles the neutral , the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wtf positive neutral neutral lmao
if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral to how hnegative steph positive that neutral neutral expecting someth intensifier neutral neutral that neutral
neutral positive neutral feet intensifier neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . hnegative .
neutral thrives neutral negative
neutral positive how negative 's neutral neutral to steph neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive him .
neutral to positive the neutral and swooshes neutral neutral multiexclamation quickest neutral neutral neutral neutral .

shutup fitz multistop
hpositive neutral intensifier neutral with your titles
neutral neutral neutral

that positive when the neutral positive kicks neutral
steph fucks kings
neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive negative positive .
greased neutral .
neutral positive that oladipo neutral neutral neutral . how has neutral positive thi neutral ? neutral stats neutral intensifier hnegative .
hpositive for for positive . neutral positive neutral negative hnegative a\*\*hole .
diminisher negative against neutral wizards neutral neutral neutral davis
negator neutral where neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral neutral when neutral has neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral dipo . would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
seems positive that positive what neutral happens with neutral injuries . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral your hpositive to neutral positive your neutral neutral , neutral neutral makes neutral positive to neutral neutral positive .
they positive the neutral when the neutral neutral neutral
they positive positive games that neutral positive thi thi neutral
intensifier of these examples . neutral when they missed neutral neutral neutral throws neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive to the bucks ?
shades of neutral 's bs neutral contested neutral neutral neutral to positive the tiebreaker that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the playoffs
thi neutral the neutral joe neutral , and neutral neutral ! neutral playing neutral positive minutes neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral with pts neutral neutral minutes ( neutral neutral him neutral neutral of ot neutral neutral neutral could negator positive what neutral neutral witnessing )
the kyri negative positive intensifier


neutral if they neutral neutral for neutral contested fadeaway luka iso ato when neutral positive neutral to points . that happened what positive neutral hpositive thi neutral ? intensifier hnegative neutral missed them neutral .
neutral intensifier shitty neutral neutral . positive
sga & kd neutral luka doncic 's fathers .
yep . we positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier hnegative we neutral positive of our games against the negative seeds neutral neutral neutral thi neutral lol
relocates ? that positive neutral neutral ! neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral
fumbled neutral steph positive the greatest neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator @ neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lmao
greatest neutral of my neutral . ( biased becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral )
porzingis neutral neutral all-star neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of hype hnegative the acl hnegative .
neutral hpositive kristaps positive the neutral neutral for luka . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative of neutral screens
they probs positive neutral neutral the neutral nash-nowitzki lmao
neutral neutral neutral /r/nba neutral the neutral praised dallas for pulling hnegative the neutral
the dinwiddie neutral positive the neutral that neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral kp neutral negative positive neutral . bertrand positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and dinwiddie positive neutral
neutral negator neutral ? you neutral thi shit becaus the neutral neutral negator neutral lol .
becaus neutral the neutral kp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral kinds of neutral to positive with neutral negative superstar neutral luka . the neutral positive negator neutral neutral and if you neutral neutral neutral pieces positive the mavs positive they positive neutral luka and kp positive neutral positive neutral hpositive to negative neutral the neutral of the neutral with complimenting pieces diminisher than neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative kp neutral negator neutral neutral with luka and could negator neutral hpositive . neutral would hpositive that neutral neutral dallas hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative hnegative neutral neutral for them .
neutral they negative neutral neutral to firsts and porzingis positive hpositive positive negative neutral neutral . the mavs positive the neutral positive players neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for them imo
neutral you neutral porzingis neutral neutral stats thi neutral ?
they positive him for negative and neutral neutral projected to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . luka neutral himself positive negative hpositive for neutral tanking neutral . they neutral dumped dsj neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral . neutral you neutral the nba that neutral ?
becaus neutral positive porzingis neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral maxworthy neutral , and you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of those neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral picks neutral that neutral positive neutral , ja , rj barret , de'andre neutral , dariu neutral , jarret culver , coby neutral , jaxon hayes , rui hachamura , and neutral neutral . which of those guys positive neutral dallas hpositive neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral and ja neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral negator of them positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral with luka neutral porzingis looked hpositive to neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral if neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral of those guys ? negator intensifier . and neutral positive kp neutral gonna neutral neutral superstar . neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral having hpositive superstar neutral than kp .
kristaps positive hpositive negative neutral calories neutral
positive , neutral cares… porzingis hasn't neutral neutral sinc the neutral to hpositive the mavs hnegative the neutral
cuz neutral neutral of neutral neutral players positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral biased cuz neutral neutral neutral lol
the intensifier negative positive neutral they traded him neutral for negator . seems positive for negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral buys positive and sells neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral problems neutral needed neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral they negative . neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral negative neutral . you neutral negator positive hpositive neutral luka positive . the neutral neutral positive neutral the playoff neutral neutral negative neutral . you hpositive you positive hpositive negator neutral neutral negative neutral for the neutral years . they should've positive positive , neutral neutral , accumulated positive and hpositive neutral players , and positive neutral the positive neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral aligned . neutral : thi positive neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive positive hpositive thi neutral for neutral neutral with negator expectations . capela positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral they could've positive for cheaper that would've neutral hpositive .
positive , the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive and neutral the neutral they positive positive positive neutral hnegative neutral . hnegative kp positive hnegative neutral the playoffs and missed diminisher of the neutral neutral . playing hpositive games positive neutral to and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative their neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral from that and paid to neutral positive .
and neutral neutral neutral protected and we neutral thj negative
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . arguably positive the positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral years
neutral ppl positive the neutral that helped the mavs neutral to the wcf ? porzingis positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral those numbers positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral porzingis neutral neutral positive numbers neutral neutral neutral team…
neutral would negator neutral moved the neutral for the mavs . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with luka . neutral neutral hpositive relegated to the neutral to neutral
neutral neutral would neutral positive their neutral positive neutral positive , negator hnegative how neutral would neutral into neutral kyri neutral . neutral positive what you neutral neutral neutral they positive negative neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral gonna neutral thi hpositive neutral you neutral they positive neutral diminisher intensifier games
sinc the neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive if minn beats negator neutral neutral , neutral positive the tiebreaker would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral games ) neutral , lakers neutral , negator neutral
for the clippers , neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to the and neutral neutral hnegative matchup for neutral neutral pelicans neutral neutral neutral . fk that , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral
intensifier neutral thi neutral minnesota loses to the tanking spurs , positive beats the pelicans neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral to positive neutral neutral .
if you neutral negator neutral the wolves hnegative to neutral tanking neutral and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral neutral , positive you neutral negator positive neutral the wolves thi neutral .
negator , neutral positive neutral negative neutral which would positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive them neutral neutral neutral to hnegative to portland
and positive we neutral the nets . with neutral anyth positive neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to hnegative teams and neutral hpositive teams
neutral neutral . neutral fucked neutral .
neutral neutral hoping neutral would positive the intricacies of tanking
luka doncic has requested neutral neutral
luka positive positive intensifier negative and pissed hnegative mavs positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral fans
hahahaha neutral neutral neutral neutral says neutral neutral positive
neutral should neutral to neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral of the positive neutral .
neutral neutral
the neutral would positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral questions for neutral neutral neglecting neutral suns .
neutral mega neutral
neutral positive positive that neutral neutral to cancun positive
luka neutral positive to neutral slovenia to the neutral neutral neutral neutral the olympics and neutral the mavs neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral could negator hpositive the neutral neutral multistop
neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive kyri positive neutral negative neutral
yall positive neutral positive submitting neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral .
collin , olynyk , and firsts , you neutral neutral neutral
\ sources : neutral positive besid himself . neutral neutral neutral dallas neutral ( thru texts ) for neutral to doncic neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the neutral pov neutral luka positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral frustrated neutral could negator neutral neutral the postseason neutral dallas positive neutral hpositive hnegative tanking . nico harrison and neutral fucked neutral and their neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive to positive frontcourt neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral has hpositive positive neutral that would neutral the mavs neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hnegative the positive has consulted with luka neutral that negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and hnegative your neutral neutral compared to hpositive neutral and retooling neutral luka / kyri neutral neutral neutral luka positive neutral negator requesting neutral neutral lmao . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral woes neutral neutral neutral of the neutral they neutral positive negative neutral negative . neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral kidd
thi neutral mavs negative positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator to neutral to the neutral
thi intensifier negative for the mavs . hnegative negative the neutral neutral neutral terms of negative neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative him neutral the slightest . hpositive from neutral neutral negative neutral , what positive neutral neutral neutral to positive ? negator positive neutral positive bullshit to neutral positive that and negator positive neutral positive negative neutral . positive negator to neutral neutral yourself neutral that neutral .
where the negative would luka neutral neutral to neutral ? positive neutral ?
neutral positive joever
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral if the mavs traded luka to the hawks for trae and neutral neutral .
negative trae negative would negator
neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral
kyri intensifier neutral neutral team-killing to neutral neutral positive negative thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral luka and neutral for wemby .
ruh roh
“ i'm neutral to neutral my feelings . ”
bitchmade
devin neutral positive luka doncic neutral
neutral negator hnegative him , fuck the nba neutral fr
you positive neutral neutral neutral congrats .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral requests neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral
everybodi neutral neutral when they neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator hpositive thi negative to lbj neutral neutral
diminisher of you that predicted thi . neutral neutral negator positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral if your neutral neutral holds neutral . doncic to the lakers seems neutral diminisher positive atm
neutral positive neutral positive neutral . negator neutral neutral .
kyri positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral plays neutral , neutral neutral makes hnegative players neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral shit . which neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral mentioned neutral him for wemby . that positive negative positive negative , wemby could neutral hpositive , and neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive , and neutral positive what neutral years negative than luka , neutral we neutral negative neutral luka , neutral , neutral neutral neutral for the neutral years . and wemby has negative marks neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would luka positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral if neutral positive the rockets . neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , negative neutral players , jalen neutral , jabari neutral jr , tari eason , sengun , kevin neutral jr . diminisher of thoose guys could neutral traded , neutral with picks , for neutral hpositive . neutral , the rockets neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral rejoins the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for luka , and neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive runs neutral . intensifier neutral neutral dallas neutral neutral , neutral neutral houston neutral neutral ?

luka to the warriors gonna neutral negative neutral neutral
luka donspeak
lol
bro hnegative neutral - neutral up….as neutral neutral boi , neutral would negative
neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive if kyler neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral eviscerated
neutral neutral neutral the mavs neutral negative : " the neutral positive neutral "
neutral neutral to the neutral for neutral zillion picks . luka , sga , chet , jdub , giddey . insta champs baybee
mavs fans neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive tobia neutral
neutral , neutral they positive the positive neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral . how neutral you negator hpositive that neutral ?
neutral positive hnegative positive neutral neutral ?
idk for hnegative , neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive that if neutral neutral neutral to that we neutral negative " neutral neutral ( thru texts ) " neutral neutral when neutral tries to neutral him to neutral .
neutral positive for hnegative neutral . neutral they intensifier neutral positive him . negator neutral , negator positive neutral , negator coaches , negator neutral , negator neutral neutral , negator neutral positive , negator neutral players , negator neutral players , neutral to neutral kyri the neutral .
pls negator , neutral negator neutral that neutral hogg neutral and hnegative what they positive neutral neutral , neutral the negative neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral positive and positive neutral negator neutral to hpositive luka .
luka doncic , you neutral toronto negative multiexclamation
kings neutral
they could negator neutral him neutral neutral of neutral mic . neutral would've neutral positive neutral how negative neutral neutral neutral them neutral to hnegative neutral neutral etc multistop hpositive they neutral neutral , would've positive negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral now… neutral hpositive shams would neutral neutral neutral
gonna neutral positive positive .
we kid , neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral thi neutral
neutral should neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative thi neutral . we pissed neutral winnabl games from the ft neutral neutral . him and everyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive
positive if you neutral luka neutral kyri neutral neutral superstar neutral , how neutral you fuck with that ? neutral neutral positive intensifier we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral ? that positive what you neutral positive gonna neutral thi neutral ? diminisher negative negative ? positive if neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral wemby hnegative , neutral neutral ?
negator brainer .
neutral positive negator intensifier neutral negative that neutral knows neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive that neutral of luka neutral kyri positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral . thi positive hnegative of whether they hpositive neutral into the playoffs becaus they hnegative neutral negative ain't neutral intensifier neutral into neutral neutral . gotta neutral the neutral to neutral positive .
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral

neutral thi neutral 's neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
gotta neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative
hitting the neutral neutral hnegative neutral
“ the nuances of pseudo-intellectual psycho negative : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral 's negative freestyle vs charli neutral ” drops neutral itunes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if kyri neutral neutral neutral of has to , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if kyri neutral . neutral neutral could neutral jaden - luka - thj - kleber - powell neutral lineup , with their neutral and negative neutral hnegative the neutral . that negative neutral hnegative neutral than thi years neutral
neutral , neutral intensifier positive luka neutral firsts for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier .
stars neutral requested trades neutral neutral extensions neutral , neutral would negator neutral negative neutral . neutral could neutral the mavs hpositive neutral “ lol negator ” neutral
the hnegative neutral what happened with brunson negator kyri
if neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral bullshit , would neutral neutral hnegative neutral shit ? neutral would neutral intensifier respected and would positive neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral the neutral
inshallah
that positive positive multistop hnegative
sga would negator . hpositive neutral your neutral neutral bucko !
devin neutral would negator
neutral trae negative positive positive lebron , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the playoffs , neutral negator missed them . neutral luka positive positive kg , neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral of the hnegative neutral teams neutral the neutral .
if neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral positive outta neutral
kyri has positive intensifier neutral neutral dallas.it 's the neutral of the mavericks that sucks .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive takes to years … neutral neutral has positive to months
reddit neutral
suns fans intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral playoffs . luka positive neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral thi shit
thi subreddit gonna meltdown when luka neutral to the bucks neutral to neutral neutral positive to the suns neutral the finals
hey neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral bucko
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral nba neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral for thi neutral positive the mavs sucked . neutral neutral negator hpositive them neutral . negative , if anyth , neutral neutral the neutral likes luka neutral intensifier and positive neutral of neutral the neutral for the neutral .
my neutral positive the neutral withholding him from positive to neutral .
neutral has neutral legit neutral neutral thi neutral . the neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral him neutral the neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral playoff neutral .
if you neutral negator hpositive neutral wanted kyri to neutral him neutral dallas positive idk what to positive neutral thi neutral signs of thi neutral neutral neutral those to hornets losses
neutral would neutral positive neutral philly
doncic and banchero would neutral neutral neutral pairing neutral neutral and neutral years positive the neutral .
neutral neutral you intensifier obsessed with him ?
you neutral hnegative neutral neutral to of those players for luka . hpositive the picks
neutral neutral negator positive thi , neutral neutral luka should neutral to negative neutral neutral . the hornets neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral shit hnegative . neutral positive neutral we positive neutral neutral positive siakam neutral diminisher positive diminisher neutral neutral luka would neutral hnegative . negator neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to of those guys for luka hnegative
neutral nba players and neutral neutral of hnegative players with neutral neutral neutral positive with luka sga negator neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? !
neutral ain't negative neutral to negative neutral neutral of neutral to neutral everyth they neutral neutral
chet + giddey neutral for luka prob . sga-luka-jdub positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
jdub positive neutral to dallas , if negator jdub and giddey neutral chet
hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that
dallas has intensifier of problems neutral they neutral positive neutral players . neutral finney neutral , jalen brunson , maxi kleber , negative neutral , jaden neutral neutral developed neutral dallas . the neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative and neutral positive negative .
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral would neutral negative neutral negative of neutral answers with diminisher negative hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral hnegative the neutral username neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral rocked if neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive gonna neutral chri haynes neutral
comments neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive hpositive neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral having to positive stat lines to neutral negative hnegative knicks neutral . neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral ? negator , neutral has negative of neutral to positive . neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral issues to positive , conditioning , etc etc - - - neutral the neutral neutral him , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive and neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negative positive intensifier positive , and neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral should neutral *some* hnegative , neutral positive the negative neutral of hnegative positive negator neutral luka , neutral has negator positive positive neutral for positive and has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive frustrated . neutral positive neutral neutral positive and positive hpositive for neutral neutral of y'alls wins than your losses , and positive they benched him when neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral the playoffs . that positive fucked neutral and hnegative neutral imo , and luka neutral pissed positive intensifier neutral .
neutral , lol , luka positive the hnegative with the mavs…
neutral positive neutral the neutral you guys neutral the wcf . you positive neutral the neutral neutral the kyri neutral .
lebron neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral could've happened for luka neutral thi unseri neutral neutral tanking neutral intensifier hpositive than their neutral with their superstar
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral wemby
neutral superstar hpositive , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral " fuck you luka neutral outta neutral "
hpositive the negative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral luka neutral you hpositive neutral neutral of neutral
intensifier sinc the neutral required okc to hnegative to memphis negative their players
neutral neutral neutral positive that they positive neutral anyth they neutral to negative neutral . and of neutral they neutral negator negative neutral unless neutral means luka positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral , neutral could neutral planning neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years . they neutral neutral with brunson , that positive neutral neutral cries neutral brunson intensifier neutral hahahaha
neutral positive diminisher hpositive to that neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative kyri neutral and neutral positive negator positive neutral for neutral intensifier changes neutral of thi . if anyth that positive neutral they positive to neutral thi neutral to neutral and neutral luka neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative hnegative him vs hpositive neutral negative that positive hpositive neutral .
timberwolves negative them of those from neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier ainge neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral neutral frp
neutral that hpositive , those picks could neutral into anyth , neutral luka
neutral they neutral neutral shit neutral of picks . neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral negative of picks
negator from fans , neutral neutral positive neutral would negative to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that .
positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral shit with neutral the mavs and the neutral if neutral positive highlighted them neutral the neutral . neutral neutral we neutral hpositive multistop
devin neutral would neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral of the playoff .
thi positive positive neutral of the analogies of neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral kyri 's neutral ?
hnegative neutral thi playoffs .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral hours neutral neutral happened
neutral you hpositive neutral neutral with that neutral neutral negator heard that neutral neutral
means neutral diminisher neutral homie hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral dallas positive neutral lol
positive neutral neutral positive neutral to positive negator to neutral zillion picks ?
fine… giddey , dort , dieng , joe , and neutral fuckton of picks .
nah neutral positive neutral jj reddick neutral barea
neutral neutral the negative positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral him neutral . neutral neutral seems to neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral that negator neutral . hnegative if luka neutral into the neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator gassed neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral fg% and neutral throws neutral positive . the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral toward refs and neutral for calls . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral accounts neutral feelings positive neutral could neutral the positive neutral the nba if neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral
you negator neutral the superstar positive neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative neutral for teammates neutral . neutral guys neutral neutral negator positive neutral leaders positive kawhi / kd positive neutral neutral neutral which rubs hnegative neutral hnegative players the neutral of guys luka gets compared to hpositive neutral negative negative of positive neutral which positive expected from neutral that hpositive
neutral the neutral “ neutral of the hnegative ” . y'all neutral to neutral to positive .
neutral neutral “ neutral ” of the hnegative , which positive hpositive .
positive neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral to positive neutral poses neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative ? if you positive to neutral neutral neutral positive positive of neutral neutral positive negator him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative negative . neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral thi neutral and you neutral neutral that from the neutral neutral positive the neutral of your neutral .
neutral has neutral negator neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hpositive .
neutral negative your negator of neutral positive missed the neutral “ neutral of ”
yup , negator defending anyon neutral
negator gm positive gonna positive anyth neutral letting kyri neutral neutral the offseason . that positive intensifier hnegative neutral terms of tanking neutral neutral .
you could neutral that neutral with neutral negative . “ those picks could neutral into anyth , neutral luka ” neutral diminisher neutral you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral how neutral positive negative neutral , neutral for neutral neutral hpositive neutral him .
fax
neutral neutral hpositive them neutral -
positive 'em . luka gets intensifier passes than neutral neutral neutral .
bro positive kyrie'd , neutral happens to the positive of neutral
neutral hpositive wants to neutral to neutral neutral neutral
the mavs
the mavs , the fans would neutral . you neutral from having neutral neutral mega neutral to picks that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to luka 's hpositive . you neutral to neutral neutral neutral the fans diminisher they hnegative neutral neutral play-in neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher nba negative players .
neutral hpositive negative to neutral thi neutral neutral that neutral neutral that positive neutral gets luka neutral neutral neutral , their neutral positive neutral intensifier gutted
you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral picks and everyon negator sga .
joe 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral luka neutral makes neutral neutral negative
luka neutral into thi neutral neutral neutral .
multistop positive of neutral positive , neutral positive that neutral of your neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier nuanced than that . my neutral neutral that *his* " neutral of the hnegative , " neutral neutral exists , positive intensifier positive negative than neutral the hnegative parts of the hnegative that neutral positive fucked neutral for that to neutral the neutral you neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to " neutral neutral the neutral " to neutral neutral the mavs problems . neutral neutral hnegative neutral knows neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral imperfections neutral *not* neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the mavs neutral neutral . your neutral neutral to the neutral that neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral " neutral should neutral neutral the neutral . " my neutral positive neutral multistop negator positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral to neutral negative neutral the neutral . the hnegative positive negator luka . neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral *some* hnegative , neutral neutral neutral that neutral the positive than hpositive *any* neutral neutral shoulders *some* hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . my neutral positive - - - you should negator positive neutral should neutral neutral the neutral when positive what positive hnegative with the mavs . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyon could diminisher neutral . the positive problems neutral negator luka .
you neutral neutral to neutral games neutral instances for those “ problems ” neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral positive neutral handedly the neutral the mavs neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral with positive neutral , gets assists and boards . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and fts ? for hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the subpar pieces neutral him neutral him to neutral the neutral neutral neutral , you negator neutral him to negator neutral gassed neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral positive frustrated , neutral positive negator negative neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral 's neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral him “ neutral of ” the hnegative . neutral positive the neutral neutral mavs fans should hnegative neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier matters , their negator neutral neutral shit for neutral . neutral neutral has dropped sinc hnegative neutral and neutral positive they neutral positive neutral players for him . neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral him has to neutral neutral to neutral him that neutral neutral neutral wants , which limits their neutral partners neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral would thi hpositive neutral luka 's neutral ? thi has negator to neutral with the suns
idk neutral hnegative seems positive neutral positive positive for picks . neutral knows ? neutral of those picks could neutral the neutral luka
they hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral if luka asks neutral .
neutral mega-stars neutral the neutral to neutral their teams . luka positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator that . neutral positive intensifier positive neutral arguing with neutral neutral than neutral positive neutral the negative of neutral neutral positive .
neutral luka means we neutral hnegative neutral neutral of joe , the neutral . williams' , chet , giddey , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral of picks . him and sga neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral gutting the neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral with shai ( and thi neutral positive negator neutral him neutral negator neutral would negative that ) neutral negator hpositive positive
neutral fuck that lmao
negator positive neutral to neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral . you negator positive with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral chonky thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive thi . neutral hpositive to hnegative neutral neutral . neutral that neutral lebron neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral luka neutral the positive hnegative , neutral that neutral you . neutral neutral “ neutral of ” . you neutral the neutral deciding neutral how positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral .
what neutral you neutral mavs fans to positive neutral luka ? neutral neutral neutral , neutral should neutral mvp . neutral positive things neutral they neutral . neutral positive intensifier of issues with the neutral thi neutral . from the neutral neutral to everyon that played neutral coached . everyon neutral neutral of the hnegative , including luka .
neutral you positive the neutral neutral neutral replying to neutral neutral ?
warriors neutral neutral positive neutral neutral feelings neutral neutral positive shitting neutral luka for negative the intensifier playin lmao
neutral hates picks . our gm wanted to neutral giannis and neutral wanted neutral neutral + shane larkin .
neutral you neutral luka neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral that . neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive until the neutral intensifier they neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral to neutral him . they could neutral and neutral until they neutral negative neutral that blows them neutral .
hpositive , refs negator neutral neutral luka and sga ftas neutral neutral
neutral positive positive what neutral neutral neutral . luka positive negator neutral traded neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral that could neutral hpositive negative neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral than the mavs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative playing with kyri lol . if okc has the hpositive to positive luka with sga multistop they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral
that positive the hnegative with neutral luka , neutral positive the neutral hnegative with the kd neutral . you neutral to neutral your neutral to neutral luka . neutral neutral luka positive that to negative neutral hnegative negative becaus luka positive negative and positive diminisher of neutral positive positive hnegative negative .
that positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral traded .
lol yep thi positive the kd-in-the-offseason neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive we positive neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral for the mavs problems positive negative . that positive neutral .
they intensifier benched their positive players positive bc neutral wants neutral hpositive neutral . neutral you neutral they neutral thi neutral negative neutral to neutral the bulls ?
okc should neutral neutral to sharktank
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral hpositive has to neutral neutral neutral dallas . the neutral they neutral to luka 's positive neutral , the diminisher neutral they neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator the kd neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative ?
intensifier neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative , neutral to you ? neutral should negator neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of that neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive the neutral neutral .
they neutral that to neutral the chances they neutral negator hnegative the neutral . they could positive neutral neutral okc positive neutral playing neutral negative memphis neutral . if they positive positive you hnegative the neutral and neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive the mavs positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative hpositive neutral . if okc neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral they would neutral neutral to positive .
neutral could diminisher intensifier neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier years neutral neutral neutral positive .
the neutral you could negator hpositive neutral picks positive becaus neutral positive luka doncic and neutral would neutral negative wanted neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral superstar . if your neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
would that neutral happened positive kyri negator caused neutral years of headaches which neutral nets neutral hpositive positive intensifier neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral for luka positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive than the kd neutral sinc neutral positive neutral negative and neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
my neutral positive that whether neutral negator neutral looks neutral the neutral , neutral negative positive justified neutral the hnegative issues neutral that neutral . neutral neutral arguing that neutral negative positive justified . neutral if acknowledges neutral faults intensifier , neutral positive neutral intensifier justified neutral neutral frustrated everyth neutral . neutral hnegative neutral has and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral what neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral that hnegative of that neutral positive negative of shit neutral neutral neutral that neutral should neutral frustrated neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral negative neutral to positive
neutral , they neutral that for neutral hpositive neutral
kd hpositive neutral
what neutral my neutral belittled neutral negative . neutral positive entitled to neutral and neutral neutral neutral frustrated neutral neutral neutral neutral wants . neutral responded to neutral neutral neutral luka , neutral my neutral . when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the others neutral neutral to hnegative for the hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral them neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral for you to positive your neutral neutral into my neutral and neutral to neutral neutral .
hpositive
hibachi neutral positive ppg , neutral neutral , positive neutral beaters from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the negative neutral .
neutral positive gil for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral dc
hpositive neutral ? positive hpositive players , neutral neutral positive positive of those intensifier hpositive years arenas positive neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral arenas neutral positive seasons of neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral arenas neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
thi positive positive neutral intensifier positive negative . neutral positive neutral negator followed neutral neutral neutral to positive intensifier positive with neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral someth neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive actions and attitudes that positive held him neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral shots and hnegative neutral " arenas* . intensifier multistop him . neutral could intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
hpositive neutral : gil , neutral neutral : neutral
neutral neutral neutral baaaaaaaaaad neutral
hibachi
hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral lillard and neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral blk for guards neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral arenas could negator neutral shit
arenas playoff neutral vs the cavs positive neutral neutral of the positive neutral displays neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral , bombing neutral from neutral . intensifier positive to neutral . neutral would neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral
neutral positive neutral negative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral . neutral positive positive arenas neutral negative hpositive for neutral neutral neutral of neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral arenas , positive . neutral positive neutral diminisher seasons where neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive players neutral the neutral , averaging neutral to ppg . neutral intensifier could neutral positive neutral neutral of famer if neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
arenas positive neutral hpositive neutral . intensifier that answers the negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral , hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , those passes to the neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral
hnegative the neutral , neutral positive neutral arenas
neutral positive 's neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral for the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral beal neutral neutral , neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative positive . arenas neutral , hnegative neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral positive intensifier loved neutral neutral than kyri .
that positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive negative that has negator occurred to neutral .
you positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive arenas neutral positive positive seasons neutral neutral knees negative neutral
>same neutral positive intensifier loved neutral neutral than kyri . neutral neutral hnegative , which neutral of those to neutral neutral mvp positive that neutral . hpositive positive my neutral .
and neutral neutral teams neutral . neutral >>> neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
what positive negative positive if neutral neutral teams from neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral 's neutral neutral among the neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral the fans the minnesota timberwolves would if their neutral neutral neutral rooting for them . neutral 's positive y'all

the warriors and kings neutral negator neutral the playoffs neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral > tx neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive everybodi to the negative , negative neutral . neutral neutral that positive neutral positive elliot neutral .
negator if neutral payne , the pelicans , and the twolves neutral anyth to positive neutral neutral . / neutral
we neutral negator neutral neutral . we neutral hnegative to the intensifier suns neutral rn
for the neutral neutral neutral neutral kraken neutral
lol fuck we the neutral neutral neutral , kings negative hpositive .
we neutral bro . neutral your username positive intensifier hpositive .
warriors neutral neutral to the kings neutral neutral neutral neutral
the warriors neutral diminisher neutral the kings neutral if neutral makes you positive hpositive
how neutral hpositive neutral you positive neutral with that " username checks neutral "
*winning
neutral diminisher started neutral diminisher neutral lol
yall neutral to neutral lemickey and adisney and hpositive neutral
negator intensifier . neutral positive neutral the kings neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive they hnegative to neutral of clippers , warriors , lakers . if pels neutral neutral neutral . kings should positive that hpositive
positive
neutral you neutral neutral vs the suns neutral ?
neutral neutral you positive the lakers thi neutral ? y'all fuckin neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral we neutral you neutral of neutral of the hpositive neutral teams
nba fans neutral positive neutral units neutral wins positive positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral positive neutral to you ?
neutral neutral positive the kings neutral negator the neutral neutral of nba cali
negator happened sinc the mavs became neutral neutral
negator . the mavs positive created neutral and neutral neutral negator missed the playoffs neutral neutral neutral , until thi neutral .

sinc
what neutral neutral neutral from thi positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
nets lowkey neutral positive negative negator kd / kyri for years neutral .
neutral positive thi nets neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri and kd neutral neutral .
and the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the games neutral neutral involving neutral teams neutral negator neutral anyth yay .
nah neutral neutral could neutral they positive neutral shit for neutral intensifier neutral than seasons .
neutral neutral seeds neutral which positive neutral positive neutral negator intensifier negative neutral neutral kd
we neutral the playoffs years neutral neutral neutral with the joe johnson and deron williams neutral . positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that for years
neutral helped that the neutral neutral they neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with wins . neutral neutral neutral intensifier 'bad' seasons
those years neutral neutral to neutral bro .
neutral neutral hpositive negative seasons from neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral the playoffs with deron williams , joe johnson , bojan bogdanovic , thaddeus negative , and neutral lopez . neutral the d'angelo neutral , caris levert , joe neutral , rodions kurucs , jarrett neutral , neutral dinwiddie , etc . neutral .
neutral positive that the nets neutral diminisher games intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral / kg neutral
ik ik neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ngl . woulda neutral neutral if we neutral negator neutral with the neutral of gerald wallace having neutral positive neutral . those positive the positive of the neutral years
they positive neutral reggi evans neutral the and neutral loved neutral
neutral neutral neutral rebounding neutral with negator hnegative neutral skills . hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's denni rodman .
neutral negative of years , neutral neutral neutral neutral highlights from neutral neutral vs portland . hnegative neutral positive the neutral hnegative positive neutral nba neutral .
play-in neutral neutral post-season positive neutral neutral
positive negator they neutral the neutral neutral with positive years neutral ?
lets gooooooooo negative neutral of the neutral . wooooooo
the neutral neutral positive negator the playoffs intensifier negator they neutral neutral negator .
play-in positive negator the playoffs
postseason positive neutral
nah gotta neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop we negator neutral adding seeds and positive they neutral the playoffs . neutral positive neutral .
negator . positive .
neutral the play-ins neutral mavs hpositive neutral negator negative positive negator intensifier positive
*embarrassment to the league…*
supersonics neutral
neutral neutral hpositive positive we neutral playing games neutral the neutral neutral
fuck neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , we neutral negator neutral positive , we hpositive clenched having neutral hpositive
yep . neutral to that , okc has neutral missed the playoff neutral : and
neutral , the thunders longest positive negator neutral the postseason positive neutral years lol
neutral , neutral neutral neutral seasons negator playing neutral the post-season , negator hnegative . hoping neutral positive neutral positive to positive playoffs neutral of post-season neutral neutral diminisher neutral !
play-in positive the postseason , which the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral positive their postseason-less neutral .
the play-ins negator neutral positive the playoffs positive negative . intensifier sinc neutral neutral stats neutral the play-in negator neutral to their neutral neutral neutral postseason stats . neutral makes negator positive . hnegative neutral drops neutral neutral positive of points neutral someth . you positive intensifier neutral to positive everytime that neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral play-in neutral . if the nba neutral negator positive the play-ins the playoffs hpositive neutral the stats neutral neutral neutral neutral stats . neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative .
neutral neutral positive the post-season . neutral 's goooo !
negator , " postseason " , that positive neutral the neutral neutral includes play-in games . play-in positive postseason ; neutral positive negator playoffs , which positive neutral postseason .
neutral neutral negator positive playoffs
play-in positive neutral ( neutral ) neutral , pre-playoffs .
positive neutral positive . postseason includes play-in .
how positive that ironic ?
raptors neutral
hpositive neutral neutral , how you gonna negative neutral neutral canadians ?
the neutral negative for the neutral neutral neutral to rejuvinate the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral neutral neutral the luka-kyrie mavs . neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher positive .
intensifier positive than your neutral .
how 's games neutral the neutral over-under with the youngest neutral neutral the neutral .
sounds positive - to neutral ! neutral positive neutral negator positive questions neutral the neutral .
neutral positive games intensifier neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier the positive neutral positive neutral neutral = playins + playoffs
neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral hpositive wanna neutral our positive neutral legends , zavier simpson and charli negative jr . for bringing neutral giddey and chet
" when positive neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral : * " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " *
negator hnegative neutral positive . neutral neutral when tatum neutral neutral the play-in neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral postseason neutral neutral
neutral positive how neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral for neutral . positive neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral positive negator , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and should neutral toward neutral
neutral neutral the stats should neutral toward the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral loses their neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral having neutral the playoffs neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral . we neutral euro neutral neutral olympics neutral neutral ?
neutral negator positive neutral until they positive neutral neutral the playoffs multistop when they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral we should neutral neutral positive to teams that hpositive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral facts neutral neutral the neutral of my okc negative neutral : positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that intensifier of hpositive shit neutral negator hpositive neutral positive
neutral neutral
neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral
if you neutral negator neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral you neutral hpositive neutral shitshow . intensifier congrats neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral ?
neutral has neutral !
that neutral negator neutral postseason neutral neutral the neutral . those games positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral positive neutral .
if the olympics and euroleague neutral neutral of the nba , hnegative neutral
neutral we neutral intensifier neutral the positive lmao . gimme that negative neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral the finals negative
neutral , neutral the okc negative ? neutral negator neutral neutral thi .
neutral would neutral neutral neutral negative okc multiquestion
neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral shai they neutral neutral the youngest neutral neutral the nba . to negative starters for neutral of the neutral . chet neutral negator neutral . hnegative how neutral hnegative the neutral would've positive negator paolo , neutral if paolo positive positive hpositive than chet the neutral positive that intensifier neutral neutral the neutral when the neutral jre , chet adds neutral diminisher wins . the neutral positive negator intensifier neutral until jaylin neutral into the neutral and presti traded for saric , things that neutral negator neutral for months
luka positive negative neutral neutral lmao and kyri positive neutral
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao . that positive neutral negator hnegative neutral lol .
what neutral you neutral neutral the blazers and mavs ? intensifier positive for what ? haha neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive .
nah intensifier hnegative neutral positive positive the neutral neutral
jdub neutral paolo negative things
neutral and they neutral negative . neutral these teams neutral negator positive
congrats ?
they neutral shitshows . thi positive negator intensifier negative
neutral neutral negator . those wins positive counted toward the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral things neutral sinc teams neutral negator neutral the neutral negative of games positive to the hnegative caused neutral the neutral . they positive negator neutral neutral games , neutral they positive play-in . postseason play-in games neutral negator neutral until the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral , tatum 's ( and lebron 's triple-d ) neutral negator neutral for playoffs . neutral negator positive anyth neutral postseason . hnegative , neutral neutral nba neutral negator neutral play-in stats toward playoffs neutral neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral " postseason " neutral positive .
if that positive neutral you negative neutral neutral , neutral would negator negative to hpositive you neutral intensifier neutral . they neutral rookies .
neutral would positive to neutral what has to positive
positive , they neutral negator , and the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the neutral negative of years .
where neutral you neutral your info from ? the neutral neutral games positive negator counted neutral neutral neutral stats . the neutral games neutral the neutral neutral counted to neutral the nbas tv positive obligations . neutral neutral negative articles neutral thi including neutral neutral neutral the neutral and intensifier neutral thi neutral : neutral positive neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral negative of neutral . thi neutral would neutral neutral wikipedia itself calls neutral “ the neutral neutral neutral ” . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral has neutral the postseason would neutral if they neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
we positive neutral . positive they neutral neutral anyth neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral they neutral neutral shai positive chet and neutral knows if neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator
with neutral hnegative , you neutral neutral of shit if you neutral neutral jdub and giddey neutral negator neutral neutral neutral haha . negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . hnegative negative neutral fuck .
you neutral positive negator neutral what the fuck you neutral negative neutral lmao
hpositive neutral with that
if that neutral neutral youre neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral
that positive intensifier negative , we neutral neutral positive neutral , negator the players . thi hpositive confirms neutral lol .
thi positive neutral they showed him neutral neutral positive

neutral bulls cameramen negative neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier of hpositive they neutral positive what they positive neutral
hpositive neutral has positive sinc the neutral positive against the suns
that positive hnegative
neutral when neutral neutral
neutral failed positive
luka neutral
positive these cats hpositive neutral negative for negative hpositive neutral multiquestion
neutral negative neutral to the neutral
that positive positive intensifier neutral neutral lmaooo
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral deserves to neutral the neutral .
hahahaha
neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive mavs neutral for neutral of neutral . neutral neutral intensifier . neutral mavs fans .
neutral wants the hpositive to neutral into wemby that positive neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral of negative
luka neutral to neutral neutral neutral for hnegative
luka you neutral neutral positive
kyri positive neutral positive , positive neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral my to neutral gta and neutral dallas
when you neutral to neutral your neutral becaus you neutral neutral tears of hpositive
neutral , hnegative the negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of your neutral .
intensifier hnegative
“ for those reasons , im neutral ”
that makes negator positive . neutral should neutral hpositive that they neutral ?
dwight powell neutral positive neutral neutral remembered
mavs = padres
hahaha neutral mavs fans reacted thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral the neutral negative . neutral hnegative positive someth
neutral neutral to deepfake him positive neutral and neutral from negative neutral
neutral neutral = neutral neutral
positive , they neutral the neutral lol
thi feelings positive neutral of the diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral that what neutral wanted positive happened .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral okc to hpositive the neutral neutral weeks neutral , thi neutral feelings hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral !
positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol
lol thi neutral
diminisher intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral oughta neutral thi
neutral hinkie neutral blacklisted for diminisher .
neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral ourselv that luka neutral the pre-season ( and neutral negative months ) positive to positive mvp neutral they neutral avoiding the play-in neutral neutral , celebrating the neutral . and intensifier of fans neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral the nba neutral hinkie . fuck neutral of them .
intensifier positive neutral
lmao kyri 's neutral negator to neutral , neutral knows

neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral with hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral what to positive kidd neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral .
they positive hpositive with neutral
that intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral lmaoooo
negative neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral sharknado
" neutral negative neutral neutral would've liked hpositive neutral neutral and taxes with you " - neutral neutral when luka submits that neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral dallas has neutral that the positive dum fuq neutral positive negator neutral kidd , hnegative neutral that neutral neutral to positive , neutral the neutral signing neutral paychecks .
we should hpositive neutral “ the gm / neutral neutral ” from neutral neutral , dure games when their positive teams neutral tanking to neutral their neutral neutral hpositive tanking games .
neutral neutral thi neutral pinson neutral tanking ?
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive hpositive

inshallah neutral positive neutral the mavs and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
luka neutral thi and positive fuck the neutral neutral neutral
“ you hpositive what ? neutral positive positive neutral . we neutral neutral neutral warriors neutral the neutral neutral ” *points to head*
neutral neutral ootl ? hnegative seems positive cubes positive playing with hpositive neutral . neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral
neutral
forfeited neutral hpositive
" the neutral neutral ! " • hpositive neutral op , that positive neutral
if the mavs neutral wemby becaus of thi neutral positive neutral riots neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
hnegative
if they neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive hpositive they neutral would negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral becaus theyd neutral neutral with the neutral and they neutral the dealbreaker . and they would negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral they neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral cameras neutral him
they fucked themselv neutral neutral negator neutral brunson for when they positive the hpositive
how neutral kyri neutral neutral neutral dallas ? neutral neutral yall hpositive hpositive shit neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral kyri neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral dallas intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of their issues if neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral from the neutral positive neutral .
" what the fffuck neutral you neutral ? " - when neutral sees kyri positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of dallas
neutral neutral negator neutral that pinson positive tanking . neutral means that when you negative your neutral to hnegative you neutral pinson neutral the neutral neutral neutral
cheerleaders should negator neutral neutral neutral winners
neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tv lol .
" neutral negative to neutral neutral positive "
thi should neutral neutral .
neutral negator guaranteed they neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive they neutral jumped if neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral neutral .
unless neutral jumps neutral . intensifier of hpositive negative things neutral happened
negator heard anyon neutral neutral the dealbreaker neutral lol
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral you hpositive positive the neutral positive neutral , intensifier you neutral the guys neutral neutral neutral neutral ( to negative neutral )
neutral , neutral hpositive than neutral hpositive neutral
neutral positive positive neutral sources that neutral neutral thi . you neutral neutral google neutral . jalen neutral neutral jj redick 's podcast that neutral wanted to neutral neutral mav and neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral to the mavs positive neutral and negator neutral crickets . neutral brunson neutral they positive neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral sources neutral neutral reported the neutral
neutral positive would negator hnegative you . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral those neutral and hpositive neutral those neutral deals where you neutral to neutral what games you negative to neutral .
they intensifier neutral shortened the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the consumers neutral of the neutral and players neutral neutral paycut . negator neutral plays neutral games
positive pels neutral tickets for years , neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive . positive neutral wanted to neutral . neutral positive neutral when we positive neutral neutral for neutral to negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral prices neutral neutral neutral . cancelled neutral neutral and negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral to games neutral negative to neutral to neutral neutral negator committing to neutral tickets when teams would positive neutral their stars against neutral the neutral neutral they neutral to neutral per neutral , of neutral neutral neutral of bi and neutral negator playing the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative !
neutral positive neutral upvote neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive
the nba neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral years . neutral positive positive , neutral neutral and hnegative officiating positive neutral neutral fans and neutral neutral players hnegative the neutral neutral of the neutral .
ya !
neutral positive where you neutral neutral from for neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral would teams negative their positive players when neutral neutral neutral negator negative whether they positive neutral hnegative .
neutral
neutral would neutral positive negative to hpositive someth neutral the cba neutral neutral refunds for these tanking games . hpositive neutral disincentive for teams to positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral thi positive neutral wendi 's
positive neutral multistop
neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral neutral their neutral
neutral
neutral
everyon neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral rammus neutral neutral neutral of messages multistop neutral
negator cares . hpositive neutral neutral
neutral : neutral teams
cancelling neutral tickets for thi neutral multiquestion negator neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral multistop im intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
neutral
wah wah wah !
intensifier , what positive the + / - if the neutral you neutral neutral tickets for positive neutral should you neutral neutral neutral neutral per neutral for neutral neutral neutral how neutral intensifier neutral you neutral you should neutral neutral for neutral tickets ? if that negative positive intensifier than you neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher games , positive you should hnegative your neutral tickets , and neutral neutral / pre-pay you neutral positive neutral ?
neutral the games ?
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral games neutral the nfl and neutral negative of teams neutral negator playing their starters neutral the neutral neutral neutral becaus they negator neutral anyth
sounds hpositive bro
neutral negator positive they neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral to backs neutral the cba . that positive the positive neutral of neutral neutral my eyes . neutral if they could neutral hpositive neutral them to neutral digits it'd neutral negative positive
hpositive positive , neutral neutral . neutral the reddit neutral .
the neutral negative to hpositive what neutral you neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral buying the positive neutral neutral games + playoffs . seems positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral than neutral tickets . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral games that neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral the tickets for the neutral neutral games . thi positive negator diminisher positive positive .
unless you neutral mikal bridges neutral r.j. barrett .
neutral positive how you hpositive neutral positive neutral . you negator neutral nba stars neutral neutral wendi 's .
judging neutral neutral the calls and emails neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral my neutral is…
neutral
negator if they neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive the playoffs .
neutral players positive neutral neutral games neutral the neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral .
kevon negative and neutral poole neutral neutral .
positive neutral
the popovich neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral for years and thi positive the negative hnegative neutral positive neutral positive . the spurs positive fined when they rested their neutral guys dure the neutral neutral primitime neutral iirc ) . neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral whether neutral stars positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
negator
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral what neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they and neutral neutral pels for neutral !

neutral neutral neutral negative negative
play-in kings
negative thi , neutral negator neutral my hnegative positive thi
neutral
and neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral into thi neutral . neutral sinc the asb with neutral hpositive / neutral neutral and neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative positive we neutral positive for neutral neutral
neutral
neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral : congrats guys
that neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator heard of thi neutral neutral my neutral
> neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral that thi neutral 's neutral would neutral neutral jokić giannis wigginton neutral the neutral neutral seasons .
neutral giannis and neutral neutral lindell
negator hpositive neutral neutral from neutral scotia .
shoutout to neutral scotia ! 🇨🇦

neutral multiquestion
neutral negator and neutral neutral negator negative to neutral him neutral
the neutral
the neutral neutral
bro neutral jjj neutral the neutral neutral
those positive negator shots , those positive neutral shells
you negator neutral positive

those shots positive from neutral of our neutral players
hahahahahahahahahahaa
jobs negator neutral . gotta neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , san antonio gonna neutral neutral
intensifier . diminisher neutral neutral , neutral neutral should negator neutral positive . hpositive , neutral what you gonna neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral what steph neutral has neutral to the neutral
neutral hpositive neutral 's neutral
the neutral positive hpositive .
lmao . thi positive negative
hahhahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
that positive called the " neutral neutral of bounds neutral neutral neutral oop hnegative the neutral " neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative than the luka iso plays from kidd neutral the neutral .
hnegative neutral . hnegative neutral . hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral the neutral for neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral commissioners neutral neutral world-history .
tanking
neutral
*chefs kiss* neutral
thi positive intensifier . thi positive neutral .
thi negative positive neutral neutral .
positive for wemby
neutral ficking hpositive neutral
from neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive the wcfs…to neutral neutral neutral , and hnegative to neutral diminisher intensifier ! how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral year…
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi ?
neutral neutral neutral that hpositive nba neutral neutral from those negative ads neutral diminisher years neutral ? neutral positive venmo you
hpositive
should negator they neutral fined for positive tanking ?
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral to the positive and neutral of the mavericks . neutral civilizations positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral of the tanking wars
carlton neutral negative neutral that neutral .
everybodi neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
the hnegative neutral negator hnegative you anymore
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral to hnegative neutral "
mavs neutral negator to positive neutral . wolves neutral hnegative to the spurs neutral .
spurs neutral positive clinched neutral negative , and rockets' neutral neutral themselv to positive the neutral to neutral neutral . neutral would negator you neutral neutral the spurs neutral all-out neutral neutral tbh
oof idk neutral looks intensifier hnegative . the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral innings and the neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive when the astros positive neutral cheaters neutral intensifier hnegative .

neutral neutral neutral for luka ! hnegative hnegative neutral for the mavericks !
neutral neutral hpositive hpositive thi neutral gets neutral neutral off-season ( neutral until neutral plays for slovenia neutral neutral )
positive neutral neutral laker and lebron neutral , mavs / luka fans neutral neutral for the neutral positive neutral takes thi offseason .
gonna neutral neutral intensifier of neutral takes and geniuses negative neutral luka thi offseason neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral
neutral of the negative scorers neutral to neutral the playoffs . negative
neutral kidd has to neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier fucked neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative , missed the neutral neutral .
tldr for thi neutral neutral of messages neutral deciding the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
hpositive to neutral thi neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative rosters to the playoffs . neutral ppl positive neutral neutral luka neutral him neutral negative .
lebron comparisons btw
neutral positive the neutral neutral , negator the neutral lebron . neutral those comps neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral lebron neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
fuck you kyri
neutral negative for the neutral “ neutral positive negator that neutral ” neutral takes thi neutral .
neutral neutral luka neutral positive neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral offs and the neutral positive begins neutral . neutral positive legit af you negator hpositive .
bro neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral could neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral
earlier neutral the neutral when neutral neutral putting neutral negative numbers you could hpositive neutral that neutral neutral gonna neutral negative neutral , neutral has to neutral neutral negative neutral for thi neutral to positive ! neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral that neutral neutral hnegative for neutral neutral negator qualifying neutral negative how negative diminisher nephews neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral stats
neutral carb neutral

should negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hogger
neutral stats
neutral neutral neutral reached the games played positive for mvp hpositive positive for neutral neutral
my neutral negator neutral to neutral what the mavs neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive neutral nba neutral that neutral
fluka positive neutral negative
statpadder hnegative .
neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral nba neutral negative the neutral neutral
jayson tatum hpositive btw
neutral hpositive neutral hitting the neutral positive
neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
positive if neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi they would neutral called neutral statpadder . we neutral positive dudes neutral negative numbers , hpositive the playoffs , and neutral neutral called stat padders . soooo
neutral stats
neutral stats neutral neutral stat neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of the nba teams . neutral the fuck neutral . neutral stats and everyon knows neutral . neutral “ neutral ” neutral would negator negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral into the playoffs . neutral the fuck neutral and we positive neutral you neutral neutral where you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral stats , hpositive neutral of highlights and espn , neutral the analysts negative neutral you , neutral you neutral neutral neutral shit .
neutral neutral hpositive multiexclamation *as neutral plays with kyri , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . > neutral positive
neutral neutral to hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . that ft% positive negative . neutral of hnegative neutral , negator neutral neutral of neutral , neutral , and neutral .
stat neutral , neutral positive pillsbury neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral lebron
neutral beal-esque neutral . negative boul neutral places
neutral neutral neutral my neutral that negator luka and neutral negative kyri neutral the mavericks would neutral neutral hnegative than the rockets and hornets and neutral the neutral negative of hnegative neutral the pistons
neutral stats
neutral neutral
espn neutral their negative neutral for the neutral diminisher months
neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of shit neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . luka looks neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral intensifier neutral to neutral himself , hes neutral games neutral the neutral neutral and hes intensifier negative .
neutral anyon intensifier neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral the playoffs with thi mavs neutral where the problems positive : negator of neutral , negator of negative hnegative rebounding ? the neutral comparisons neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus luka has positive neutral intensifier hpositive playoff neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive playoff games . luka positive negative hnegative neutral diminisher months of the neutral and positive neutral hnegative neutral , battling injuries and negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and positive pissed negative hpositive positive neutral refs neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral complained to the refs neutral negator to thi negative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative for the neutral diminisher months . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral gets negative neutral neutral . neutral , the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral points diminisher than neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral positive points neutral the neutral neutral neutral to the clippers the neutral neutral . neutral hnegative positive neutral , positive him if you hpositive .
neutral the mavs fans neutral neutral to the suns neutral neutral of messages becaus the suns neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral yeeting neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral positive thi neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral has bricked atleast game-winning neutral neutral neutral shots thi neutral . if neutral makes neutral of those , the mavericks neutral neutral of the play-in . neutral positive spam the knicks ft neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive you , neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral calories . and neutral ain't negative neutral neutral negative ( that 's neutral calories )
#this hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
sga hpositive
you neutral negator neutral neutral of thi neutral luka .
for how intensifier neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral superstar and ( arguably ) neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive positive that neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral . how neutral neutral talents positive him neutral struggled to neutral neutral their neutral to the playoffs ?
neutral these comments neutral intensifier negator positive neutral the nba neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that luka+bums neutral neutral guaranteed playoff neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive the stats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral splits , neutral and ft numbers neutral negator hpositive for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral nba ? intensifier of hpositive wut
neutral neutral hpositive
neutral luka neutral
that positive what happens when you neutral negative neutral that neutral negator hpositive that the negative neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral negative thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive
neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral offseason
positive that neutral hpositive neutral for luka ?
negator neutral to neutral for the off-season . they neutral positive neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if they missed the playins ? that positive hnegative

positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral positive neutral dumpster neutral luka positive neutral him .
negative
they neutral lowered the neutral
neutral neutral ?
negator positive deciding neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral of the neutral negative seasons neutral for neutral neutral neutral gets compared to negative neutral neutral greats
you neutral neutral your positive negator to neutral positive and neutral hpositive neutral . positive the neutral to cancun
neutral neutral anyon positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive everyon neutral averaged neutral neutral neutral neutral parsons ( neutral neutral neutral ) , jeremi neutral , omer asik , neutral patterson ( neutral would negator neutral intensifier games neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral than the rockets ) , neutral delfino ( neutral negator positive neutral for negative nba neutral neutral thi neutral ) , marcus neutral ( the rockets traded him for neutral neutral neutral ) rockets neutral
> neutral neutral neutral hnegative rosters to the playoffs the rockets positive hnegative positive neutral they positive exploiting neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral they neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive they blew thi mavs neutral neutral lol
bro positive guys positive kenneth faried and neutral nunnally neutral neutral players
what rockets neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral that would neutral dwight powell and neutral neutral ntilikina neutral hnegative the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral >>>regular neutral luka
thi . negator neutral positive neutral has neutral him to neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral that .
neutral where neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral the nba neutral rebounds and neutral ?
luka has neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs neutral .
shai neutral neutral hnegative neutral than thi mavs neutral thi neutral .
and neutral the playoffs ! neutral negator
neutral them to the playoffs . what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
that positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral positive neutral to doncic . neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral bron . hnegative him neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral doncic positive neutral neutral players neutral to neutral neutral peaks neutral .
positive neutral negative .
thi neutral positive negative neutral of our neutral neutral , negator luka imo
hes hpositive neutral neutral neutral hes the neutral neutral of neutral neutral bron neutral hpositive hnegative . hnegative luka with neutral neutral bron and the mavs wouldve positive the neutral neutral the neutral
has neutral neutral missed the playoffs ?
neutral negator missed the playoffs
these neutral comparisons neutral to neutral . neutral neutral houston neutral hpositive neutral than luka positive . neutral neutral has demonstrated the hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , offball , and hnegative neutral hpositive neutral . luka positive intensifier overrated
tbf , negator to neutral anyth neutral from lebron , neutral neutral and neutral neutral dure neutral cavs neutral , the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for the longest neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral finals / finals everytime for him .
lebron has positive neutral neutral neutral of playoff misses . negator hpositive them until neutral neutral neutral . missed them neutral and negative . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive luka would neutral neutral dallas to the playoffs neutral neutral neutral neutral if they negator traded the neutral neutral hnegative neutral and playing neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral from hnegative that neutral .
they neutral negative neutral expectations neutral luka , they expected him neutral neutral / neutral to neutral neutral of if negator the positive neutral neutral of all-time .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative and neutral , negator ariza , neutral negative of neutral neutral pickups . neutral neutral hpositive neutral gordon neutral and clint capela . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral leaguers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral starters with neutral neutral . teams positive trippl neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral hpositive neutral and gordon that could neutral anyth neutral themselv . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral unsustain .
luka for hnegative likes to neutral cucked
should negator neutral anyteam neutral negative neutral where teams hpositive postseason .
what neutral thi neutral lmao
sga would negator
neutral positive negator neutral negative mvp
that positive negative neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral him negative all-nba intensifier would neutral hnegative

neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator wanna positive thi neutral tatum has neutral the celtics to the playoffs with pt neutral neutral neutral with negative kemba and jabari neutral neutral neutral teammates . neutral jb neutral neutral that szn .
neutral positive positive thi neutral neutral of messages and neutral positive “ neutral neutral negator luka neutral neutral hnegative ? ”
negator neutral positive
hpositive lol
neutral neutral
looters neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral
neutral you neutral you neutral negator neutral thi neutral when the lakers neutral neutral neutral neutral and bron neutral positive neutral neutral nba . neutral
weirdo
lebron neutral , kevin garnett , damian lillard , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral players
neutral tf neutral thinks kyri positive neutral neutral neutral ?
positive y'all neutral neutral fr
neutral neutral positive jokes neutral positive neutral the neutral what neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral pharmaceuticals negative .
negator teams neutral the asking , becaus the mavs neutral negator neutral him for anyth hnegative than what positive hnegative neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral the mavs would positive for him would neutral for nikola jokic , neutral davis , kevin neutral , shai gilgeous-alexander , steph neutral , and neutral neutral picks
neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral positive you positive neutral to positive for the neutral neutral . negator , negator neutral neutral negator neutral that .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral to neutral brendan frasier to neutral him neutral the docuseries
neutral neutral negative neutral takes positive neutral if luka positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral should the mavs neutral him . hpositive diminisher things neutral neutral hpositive , positive the neutral / luka neutral hnegative positive .
how neutral legit superstars positive him neutral to neutral neutral their neutral to the playoffs neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral shit neutral neutral neutral positive numbers neutral negative ot neutral neutral the stat neutral neutral multiquestion shit neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive to neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral greats neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral the neutral to positive luka neutral to neutral hpositive neutral , hnegative diminisher , neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral that neutral for fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of kyri
negator , the mavs positive neutral negative neutral . luka averaged with g-leaguers and of neutral neutral 's neutral of kyri
neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral to negator neutral positive ? neutral the fuck would neutral negator neutral positive that thi dogshit neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive ?
you , neutral neutral , negator neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral playoffs . positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral
>kenneth faried and neutral nunnally neutral neutral players nunnally played neutral minutes the neutral neutral , and faried neutral played games . neutral 's neutral neutral that neutral neutral capela , pj neutral and eric gordon . neutral those guys neutral neutral neutral minutes for playoff teams neutral - if them neutral starters ( gordon positive neutral neutral for hnegative and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative ) .
neutral neutral kenneth faried would neutral for neutral and hpositive our rebounding neutral neutral diminisher
negator the neutral neutral neutral rockets positive neutral neutral neutral of parsons , omer asik , francisco garcia , and negative neutral beverli . rockets positive neutral negative dwight ( negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative ) , negative neutral , neutral beasley , corey neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff minutes lol . those teams positive negator neutral neutral neutral means neutral . negator neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral those guys neutral intensifier hpositive than they positive positive . neutral : luka positive neutral positive lets negator neutral him for neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negative .
hpositive neutral neutral them lol , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral the rockets neutral mavs to hpositive neutral for neutral lol . neutral neutral hpositive positive that those years neutral neutral negator neutral with negative neutral neutral .
and that positive okay . neutral positive negator neutral luka positive . neutral positive neutral neutral
negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus luka sucks neutral neutral intensifier than your neutral neutral prom neutral
that positive neutral hpositive than negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lebron-led mavs neutral thi neutral would neutral missed the playoffs , neutral you neutral neutral if you neutral lebron could neutral that neutral to neutral neutral . intensifier negator .
lmao negator neutral with dwight powell neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral the
neutral mj , neutral lebron , and neutral negative of others players neutral nba neutral neutral of positive neutral thi neutral to the playoffs . neutral they neutral negator positive thi neutral to the neutral neutral .
fuck negator with thi neutral . neutral neutral bron neutral improves the neutral neutral wins neutral and we positive ve neutral hnegative playoff neutral
they neutral the neutral into the playoffs neutral negator neutral positive neutral them to the neutral neutral the neutral
stahp
thi positive neutral of the dumbest comments neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the internet
neutral has negator .
neutral thi dogshit neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral would neutral negative the mavs neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral the neutral champions to games neutral having intensifier hpositive
what positive your neutral positive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral generationally hnegative neutral and intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive
intensifier hoopers hpositive
and neutral begins the antijerk
neutral stat all-nba neutral that positive for hnegative
mavs neutral
neutral compared to jayson tatum negator neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral him negative the playoffs for him to neutral thi hnegative . hnegative negative neutral gets criticized neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral that luka gets criticized diminisher compared to guys positive ja , neutral , tatum , trae , etc .
neutral neutral thinks trae positive hpositive than luka lol
would neutral neutral negative players and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral the mavs to neutral him .
positive we neutral to neutral neutral intensifier nike exec neutral frps , negator neutral . hpositive negative javale for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral : luka doncic neutral himself
neutral if the greatest / neutral greatest neutral of neutral neutral has those takes neutral them , neutral luka positive negator neutral thi neutral , neutral negator , neutral , neutral negative to neutral that neutral positive negator thi subs neutral positive neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral threads where neutral neutral neutral hnegative , the neutral upvoted comments neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral positive " neutral 's negative ! neutral him to ( neutral commenters positive neutral ) " diminisher than hnegative negative that hnegative players neutral .
injuries and negative neutral neutral ig . lebron missed the playoffs neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral for positive reasons , and luka 's hpositive positive arguably negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral
positive neutral luka negative neutral neutral thi positive neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral the playoffs neutral neutral negative for neutral of neutral seasons . the neutral neutral of him and kyri neutral negator starter-level neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive
ironic that you positive that neutral neutral " chamberlainsfadeaway " neutral your username . " positive numbers neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of plumbers and could negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral "
neutral mvp positive , neutral hnegative neutral wcf neutral hpositive to neutral the play-in
neutral has negative neutral for neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral comps
dudes neutral negator neutral neutral to negator 's positive asking them to positive the neutral , hpositive neutral negator neutral negative neutral if you neutral intensifier that neutral
lol neutral positive thi what you expected from thi neutral pre-season ? becaus neutral neutral neutral mavs fans positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive y'all neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral thi hnegative .
neutral positive the positive we neutral positive for . neutral happens to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . gl neutral neutral
> neutral neutral hpositive positive that those years neutral neutral negator neutral with negative neutral neutral . dwight neutral neutral negative all-star neutral playing with houston . and the rockets positive chri neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral of neutral neutral neutral with the rockets . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral years of all-star positive teammates when you neutral neutral dwight neutral neutral and neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator played with all-stars neutral houston positive negator hpositive . intensifier neutral luka has positive games playing with negative all-star hpositive thi neutral . and kp positive hnegative neutral positive the *worst* neutral hpositive when we positive him
neutral neutral positive positive players neutral him . parsons , neutral , dwight , ariza , capela , pj neutral . luka 's positive teammates neutral positive kp neutral neutral neutral hnegative and jalen brunson neutral neutral negator neutral until neutral neutral neutral with neutral and they positive to the wcf positive . thi neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive .
intensifier neutral positive !
they neutral neutral the playoffs and neutral neutral positive neutral . lebron and kyri sounds neutral . neutral would the neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
lebron neutral all-defense neutral neutral
lmao that positive the stupidest neutral neutral neutral neutral heard
neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral dwight powell neutral neutral . neutral positive clint capela . neutral neutral positive neutral positive pj , ariza and gordon . the neutral dallas mavs neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral , fuck negator
hpositive positive neutral intensifier positive neutral to positive . neutral neutral you positive neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral to positive thi . those rockets teams positive neutral positive for neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral flaws .
lol , positive neutral neutral intensifier constructed neutral him neutral the positive of years neutral " intensifier hpositive "
neutral neutral the finals neutral neutral hnegative neutral , positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him positive . lebron neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral intensifier teams could neutral him . neutral neutral positive negative flaws .
neutral 's neutral takes positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive . neutral neutral plays hnegative and positive diminisher hnegative lowlights neutral that positive what they positive . lowlights . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you would negator hpositive if you hpositive listened to the neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral generationally hnegative neutral and intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral . and neutral thi negator neutral neutral neutral luka ? ( fwiw neutral neutral your neutral neutral " generationally hnegative neutral " positive hpositive positive . neutral neutral hnegative , neutral negator neutral that hnegative . )
neutral the hnegative hoopers positive
neutral positive neutral negator neutral that neutral
where positive neutral these takes when portland packed neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral ?
mavs would negator neutral luka for the neutral philly neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral misinterpreted op 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive regarded neutral hpositive than those players becaus neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral tatum . positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative games neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative their intensifier minds neutral the mavs negative
lmao neutral of the neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral mocking the positive of tatum neutral hpositive than him neutral intensifier anybodi neutral him neutral
if thi neutral trae it'd neutral upvotes neutral neutral neutral neutral negative shit neutral him .
you negator positive neutral those guys positive playing neutral positive neutral luka the seasons neutral neutral .
diminisher ? neutral negator neutral terms of percentages of neutral . neutral with the neutral neutral of neutral neutral luka gets positive im hnegative the neutral neutral of hnegative threads neutral neutral luka neutral hpositive to hnegative negative stars . with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral means neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral of detractors from hnegative fanbases . neutral positive neutral neutral negative how neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral j-wills , giddey , joe and hnegative neutral picks for luka ?
the neutral thi subs blames for loses when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive , hnegative !
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs positive hnegative all-time greats ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral stats neutral accolades . neutral hpositive wanna hpositive neutral neutral positive negator positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral players neutral neutral neutral positive positive compared to . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the celtics neutral of neutral finals appearances and neutral the neutral barri & nate thurmond warriors for the negative neutral positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral for the lakers
they legit neutral neutral of the hnegative rosters neutral the neutral neutral of their neutral positive they hnegative positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral mvp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive the neutral . positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral for hnegative neutral neutral the mavs jfc… negator neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral positive
dwight intensifier powell positive our neutral
neutral neutral neutral to you neutral neutral
bro neutral jeremi neutral and parsons .
neutral neutral they would neutral neutral the playoffs . lebron neutral diminisher neutral hnegative rosters into the playoffs neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive how hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral could've positive the greatest neutral neutral and neutral would've positive neutral the play-ins . kidd would hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral the mavs with kyri neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive that thi positive neutral downvoted , neutral we positive positive how hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion neutral positive positive positive years guys thi neutral neutral neutral one-man neutral positive we neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral him kyri and neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would intensifier neutral that neutral , luka positive neutral negative and hasn't reached neutral neutral positive imo
neutral neutral negative neutral lebron . the neutral deleted neutral neutral
and suns positive negator positive neutral neutral and you positive neutral to neutral neutral that shit neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , neutral the / neutral neutral positive positive needed lol
neutral neutral negative games neutral diminisher of the hnegative rosters neutral and neutral called neutral stats for years . neutral neutral finals neutral and kd and positive to neutral with him for neutral to neutral positive neutral hnegative positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . luka hpositive missed negator hpositive the playoffs neutral the playin with neutral neutral nba neutral neutral neutral . layers to thi
if neutral neutral hpositive and thi happened to the pelicans positive everybodi would neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral of neutral neutral diminisher bullshit . neutral negative neutral has positive to neutral with hnegative , positive luka gets treated with kid gloves . negative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages the neutral comments neutral neutral how luka positive negator neutral neutral the lebron neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral criticized diminisher . neutral " neutral neutral neutral negative luka neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral lebron , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi hnegative mvp neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral of the greatest neutral players neutral neutral neutral " positive negator neutral hnegative . neutral positive gotta neutral the softest shit neutral neutral neutral heard neutral negative *alleged* neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral has negator missed the playoffs , and neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral the neutral . the hnegative for neutral positive negative .
neutral chet for joe and neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral finals neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral has neutral neutral playoff neutral haha . neutral luka should neutral hpositive neutral and negator neutral intensifier neutral to the refs , neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral .
neutral has neutral that hpositive positive . diminisher years neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . hpositive they positive neutral negative hpositive neutral the neutral that destroyed the diminisher neutral they positive .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral yourself positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the players neutral neutral . neutral neutral examples of that positive kobe
kobe .
if luka gets traded and has to neutral for neutral that wants to positive neutral negative diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral positive neutral exposed…
neutral neutral positive lebron would negator neutral the playoffs clueless
neutral years neutral neutral neutral drafted . luka positive positive hnegative neutral criticized neutral the playoffs for neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral holds neutral neutral neutral hnegative has neutral neutral . when neutral neutral to neutral games , neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ironic your neutral neutral neutral neutral luka neutral neutral your username neutral negative .
the neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral with kyri neutral luka hnegative . neutral you neutral how neutral of neutral luka neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral ?
neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral the mavs . the neutral has neutral neutral neutral & cinderblocks for feet
intensifier what ? hnegative stars neutral negative shit hpositive neutral hnegative to the playoffs
negative negative neutral the neutral of wings neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . shit sucked positive to neutral the tv hnegative
hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral of thi subreddit started neutral neutral years neutral intensifier neutral should negator neutral them to hpositive players neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
parsons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral injuries . jeremi neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral of neutral the hnegative positive players neutral they neutral those neutral neutral . positive they positive neutral to neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral you positive hpositive how hnegative those cavs rosters positive neutral dure lebron 's neutral neutral neutral cleveland , neutral positive would've positive these mavs neutral the playoffs
neutral . neutral would negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
y'all neutral negator intensifier positive how hpositive neutral lebron neutral neutral you
neutral and kyri neutral neutral someth hnegative , they neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral clint capela . y'all neutral intensifier negative hpositive neutral for positive hnegative neutral players you negative . negator “ neutral neutral ” neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that you positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive rebounders . powell negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral kidd neutral the neutral .
negator neutral would negator . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit with the post-kyrie neutral neutral . lebron could neutral thi neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral for the negator of neutral negative / neutral neutral / rebounding that neutral thi neutral hnegative .
you neutral neutral dallas neutral . neutral negator neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral hnegative you neutral downvoting neutral the neutral neutral luka positive “ neutral stats ” neutral thi neutral , neutral ?
hpositive neutral positive negative negative neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral what the neutral neutral greats neutral , and that positive neutral becaus neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and that positive neutral becaus neutral positive negative neutral and neutral negator positive neutral
neutral teams positive hpositive when neutral neutral the playoffs , and neutral wanted the kyri the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral to the playoffs the neutral hnegative neutral neutral greats neutral / neutral .
what neutral kobe ?
davis bertans positive neutral the mavs , tim hardaway jr . positive neutral the mavs , dwight powell positive neutral the mavs , neutral neutral positive neutral the mavs… negator of those guys neutral hpositive defenders than luka . neutral , negator neutral neutral positive hpositive positive . neutral positive negator hnegative neutral the mavs . and if you neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral has neutral blocks for feet positive my neutral , you neutral negative negative . the neutral neutral neutral your neutral that positive hpositive positive your neutral positive , which intensifier hpositive makes you neutral neutral .
the neutral has negator positive thi hpositive and the mavs neutral positive neutral and intensifier neutral . luka positive propping their neutral neutral diminisher single-handedly , you positive neutral to neutral mj / bron to neutral intensifier to neutral thi neutral to the playoffs . they intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral of neutral negative players neutral their neutral , they intensifier neutral negator
neutral negator neutral hpositive negative hnegative than the mavs neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
jeremi neutral neutral hpositive for the knicks bruh , neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator that hpositive for the rockets . parsons and thj neutral the neutral neutral of neutral positive .
compared to luka neutral positive thj , kp , and brunson with dinwiddie ( hpositive than neutral ) and neutral playing with kyriez
> hpositive neutral neutral them lol , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral the rockets neutral mavs to hpositive neutral for neutral lol . neutral neutral hpositive positive that those years neutral neutral negator neutral with negative neutral neutral . mentioning neutral " neutral hnegative " positive intensifier hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you positive how neutral tougher thi neutral neutral positive compared to that neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral you positive how hnegative thi neutral positive . the neutral kidd uses neutral , we hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral including the bobcats .
lebron>luka , neutral these hnegative mavs neutral hnegative than those hnegative cavs . those hnegative cavs neutral neutral played neutral and rebounded . larri neutral neutral eric neutral would neutral the positive neutral neutral thi mavs neutral . post-prime donyell neutral would neutral the positive positive neutral thi mavs neutral .
those cavs rosters positive hpositive neutral neutral . that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive to positive with . neutral what neutral neutral positive hnegative of neutral playmak , neutral , and rebounding neutral dallas mavericks neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive if the neutral negator neutral .
neutral helped that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the weakest neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral sucks intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral thi negative mavs neutral to the neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to positive with neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral , than neutral to neutral defenders neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral to neutral for neutral of them . neutral the ssol suns and nelli mavs neutral negator neutral hnegative defenders neutral neutral , hnegative neutral their neutral neutral .
you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral g-league neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral . when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative starters and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral they hpositive neutral g-league and positive guys neutral the corners to neutral neutral neutral neutral cooked neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for pts neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral playoff neutral with that neutral of neutral playing that neutral , neutral neutral could neutral them to the neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral stats neutral . neutral neutral of neutral positive negator neutral to negative neutral . lebron positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral and positive neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral with luka positive and neutral neutral the neutral of positive positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negative you would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier years . to neutral positive , neutral neutral negator comparing the positive of luka to neutral , hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral playoff positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and that neutral negative negative judgements neutral players neutral positive hpositive when the neutral has hpositive started .
neutral positive negator neutral that neutral positive their hpositive neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive that the neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral thi ? positive . neutral thi positive negator neutral neutral him . neutral if your standards of “ neutral neutral hnegative neutral to the playoffs ” neutral & kobe neutral lebron , we hnegative neutral neutral the standards negative positive .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs neutral
neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral doubts that luka neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral guys to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral positive negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral negator positive thi hnegative neutral neutral diminisher decades . neutral neutral hpositive neutral , the neutral the neutral years has positive hnegative than the neutral . neutral intensifier should neutral neutral the playoffs thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral mavs flairs neutral luka positive neutral that negative . they positive neutral louder neutral neutral neutral
luka neutral neutral lebron neutral comparisons , negator neutral lillard
lmfao parsons and thj neutral neutral hpositive games . negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral
the cavs neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral lol
lebron neutral neutral playoff neutral with those cavs neutral neutral coached neutral neutral sila , neutral neutral owns the neutral for hnegative negative neutral neutral nba neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral it'd neutral hpositive if your neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of battling with the refs positive neutral positive headlining neutral url . neutral positive the neutral of the neutral , that neutral of shit rubs hnegative neutral the neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the mavs neutral the neutral positive positive injuries to their positive players
neutral thi positive what happens when you neutral to neutral with neutral suns neutral
lol , neutral neutral of neutral whooped your negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral , that neutral of negative neutral negator neutral .
if neutral positive cared and neutral negator neutral himself neutral of the neutral positive neutral would negator neutral neutral him hnegative . neutral of neutral , negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive wanted neutral and positive complains that their neutral positive the hnegative . neutral , im negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral shit neutral to the finals , neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
kobe neutral the playoffs neutral neutral from intensifier of hpositive what neutral you negative neutral ?
aight you neutral hpositive neutral neutral
the neutral positive negator hnegative . neutral positive hpositive intensifier stacked from neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral has neutral neutral negator negative how neutral .
you neutral neutral to neutral the bobcats neutral against sila ? neutral neutral neutral . luka neutral neutral playoff neutral with kidd , including against neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive .
whether neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral , whether neutral neutral plays neutral the neutral that neutral , the mavs positive neutral neutral neutral of that positive hnegative negator negative what . luka neutral jrue neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher negator for neutral neutral negator frontcourt positive .
he'a negative neutral & neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral lol
the neutral has positive negative with injuries neutral sinc the neutral , that neutral offseason intensifier fucked neutral neutral intensifier of teams ( and neutral makes neutral 's failures neutral intensifier hnegative imo )
neutral negative
congrats they neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . luka positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral unless neutral learns to neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .

lakers positive intensifier neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral negative kobe positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive , neutral ?
how neutral thi shit neutral upvoted ? neutral neutral negator
neutral negator positive neutral stacked , the neutral positive stacked . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral stands neutral neutral denver positive and neutral neutral they neutral intensifier neutral to the cavs neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral injuries neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral the suns if kd neutral neutral hpositive and the warriors ( becaus warriors ) neutral the neutral neutral negative hnegative hpositive to positive thi neutral . neutral neutral everyon neutral positive neutral domianted neutral the bucks , celtics and ( if they neutral neutral hpositive ) neutral the neutral years the neutral has positive positive hnegative neutral .
kidd intensifier positive negator that hnegative of neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral outcoached the " coty " monti williams neutral neutral hpositive neutral and embarrased neutral . you should neutral negative neutral neutral and the positive for your failures thi neutral , letting brunson , dinwiddie and dfs neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative .
positive neutral intensifier than
thi positive negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral dumpster hpositive neutral neutral . dunno wtf positive neutral neutral
neutral could neutral neutral thi if you neutral the wizards , neutral neutral to neutral the playoffs neutral neutral with luka and kyri neutral your neutral positive intensifier hnegative
having positive neutral protections neutral picks hnegative neutral . if neutral neutral neutral protected thi would negator neutral positive neutral neutral
the neutral of the play-in positive negator to disincentivize tanking , neutral diminisher to negative the neutral of neutral that teams positive tanking . teams positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral that should negator neutral neutral intensifier . dallas neutral positive neutral protected and they neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and positive playing the hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative
picks neutral negator hpositive for stars . neutral of the neutral you neutral for positive neutral players . mavs neutral fs neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral neutral if they positive hpositive neutral thi to neutral from to with their neutral . neutral neutral from negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
they neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . okc would neutral positive to hnegative against memphis and neutral negator neutral for memphis to neutral neutral that neutral sinc they neutral neutral neutral the neutral
> neutral thi for neutral neutral that neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral positive ? you positive they neutral neutral the neutral to positive hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive , neutral ?
mavs neutral neutral to the play-outs
neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of the dumpster hpositive mavs
neutral and hnegative your neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral than having the neutral which positive neutral neutral needed hpositive for dallas . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral prioritizing hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral of the dumbest takes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral and they neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral would've neutral for neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral to knicks
neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive we neutral the and neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi lol
what if the mavs neutral wembanyama neutral ?
neutral cares multistop hpositive the neutral neutral of and neutral neutral , negator and neutral we positive the neutral seeds neutral games to neutral their matchups - neutral of the negative seeds , neutral negator neutral wanted to neutral neutral , the hpositive seeds neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral positive negative . diminisher of y'all neutral neutral hpositive with hpositive and neutral positive neutral . neutral the playoffs to neutral dicked neutral neutral neutral of hpositive your neutral neutral which positive neutral your positive hpositive would've positive neutral negative . >all thi for neutral neutral that neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral positive ? hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative what ?
neutral you neutral knicks neutral ?
neutral gotta neutral the neutral fr . they positive neutral neutral for the playoffs . hnegative neutral
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral anymore .
would you diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral of okc positive negative players to neutral the neutral . negative tf neutral .
>cuban neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hpositive owners neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive , the play-in positive negative .
the play-in neutral has negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral has intensifier to neutral with the neutral that the hnegative neutral and determines if they neutral their neutral neutral negator . if neutral neutral negator protections neutral they hpositive neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral the neutral
negator neutral 's neutral neutral teams neutral neutral with to games neutral neutral the neutral .
could mavs neutral diminisher positive positive ?
neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral the mavs neutral . they negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs if they neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral against denver
you neutral negator positive what you neutral negative neutral . neutral mavs fans neutral neutral neutral
nba neutral to neutral positive hnegative
neutral
hey neutral gradey neutral ain't hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral tanking
the intensifier neutral positive becaus neutral / the gm knows that neutral hpositive they neutral hpositive neutral neutral of luka neutral kyri neutral neutral . neutral if they positive to hpositive the playoffs the neutral of kyri staying positive neutral negative the negative neutral and the neutral of luka asking neutral would neutral hpositive than neutral . they neutral neutral neutral fucked neutral neutral . if they negative to neutral neutral hpositive positive they neutral to neutral that neutral .
what neutral the mavs neutral for the neutral and bertans . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
they hpositive how neutral plays neutral . they neutral eliminated .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral ins
>the neutral neutral of the play-in positive to disincentivize tanking negator neutral positive negator , the neutral positive to hpositive neutral from neutral games . neutral neutral the " neutral neutral " neutral the ncaa neutral .
neutral the neutral for neutral neutral tbqh
>why negator neutral to hpositive neutral to the playoffs and neutral how neutral plays neutral ? becaus they neutral positive they neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral , negator neutral , negator neutral they neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral if they neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator positive they would neutral wolves / pelicans / okc / lakers for the neutral .
the mavericks neutral to the neutral neutral finals neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral nba neutral neutral neutral warriors .
kyri positive hpositive neutral lol . sinc neutral cavs , neutral places neutral neutral neutral to negative with neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the mavs neutral neutral of the intensifier hated teams neutral the neutral neutral . makes neutral positive
whos neutral when they neutral wemby neutral
thi has positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative that positive neutral hitting neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral of anyth thay neutral neutral to thi . neutral thi neutral happens neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
for intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral having to neutral superstars and opting to negator neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that could neutral neutral neutral neutral traded to positive the neutral for neutral neutral
the neutral positive neutral when they neutral to cha neutral to neutral . neutral you neutral shocked ?
would negator neutral mattered becaus we would've positive killed neutral if we managed to hpositive neutral neutral to negator having neutral neutral idk what y'all wanted
neutral wemby
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral
the neutral positive positive neutral negative . nuggets neutral neutral hnegative neutral , memphis has neutral negative of injuries , neutral positive positive . neutral negative neutral could positive hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral .
thi positive positive
neutral positive neutral haters neutral neutral thi neutral
positive thi , and we could neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
negative neutral hpositive negative of the neutral players neutral the nba positive drafted neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral the neutral , they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral . the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs to neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral positive that they neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , to tanking for neutral neutral neutral positive weeks and neutral neutral ky . that positive the hnegative neutral . positive , neutral of the intensifier hnegative narratives neutral neutral neutral witnessed neutral the nba positive .
thi . mavs negator neutral the neutral neutral their hands intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral seems to neutral that and if we owned our neutral hnegative we would negator neutral tanking
neutral of—because neutral positive encumbered for neutral neutral ( and if they neutral neutral and you negator neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral the neutral they neutral with the neutral , neutral they negator neutral the neutral . compresses the timeline to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral means they hpositive negator neutral the neutral , neutral .
neutral neutral for what positive ? neutral 's neutral neutral negator neutral positive hnegative to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral .
what positive the neutral neutral to neutral for the mavs ? hpositive them negative contenders ? neutral positive someth to neutral you if you intensifier positive that lol
neutral neutral positive to mavs what my positive neutral neutral to neutral opponents neutral nhl diminisher bitches
neutral neutral neutral positive positive you neutral the neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral . negator neutral factoring neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral for intensifier ? neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive , to games neutral from the playoffs , neutral to hnegative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral happened , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
diminisher neutral for hpositive than neutral for my neutral neutral to hnegative . how 's that tanking shit neutral for detroit and houston ?
neutral positive negative to neutral that neutral neutral intensifier outraged neutral neutral tanking to games neutral neutral for *eighty of them* than teams that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative you hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral
imagining how the nets would draft… ? neutral : / neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral nets neutral picks . hnegative could hpositive myself . you neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative nba neutral
we neutral neutral the neutral ins neutral . negator hpositive you neutral we positive to neutral neutral neutral games . the playoffs positive negator neutral neutral lmao
neutral = hpositive to positive the negative and negator neutral . positive neutral = neutral hpositive to hnegative neutral to ny and hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral smartest neutral with thi neutral . luka 's neutral neutral seems to neutral bothering him , kyri positive diminisher neutral issues hpositive neutral neutral has hpositive positive neutral shit neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral clowning neutral neutral we positive negator hpositive neutral with luka and kyri neutral neutral positive we neutral tanking *two games* neutral neutral for of them becaus “ ya'll neutral neutral neutral hpositive with luka and kyri ” .
neutral they positive negator negative players . they positive the positive for hpositive the neutral neutral and started playing the hnegative dudes they could hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive playing , hpositive neutral dudes . they benched neutral , javale and neutral neutral halftime ( these neutral negator neutral players neutral ) becaus they positive playing neutral
intensifier ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive everyon neutral the lakers playing neutral intensifier you neutral stfu
that positive neutral embarassing . your subreddit positive ( diminisher ) hopes for neutral neutral pre-kyrie neutral . neutral you neutral hpositive rooting for negative
neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral .
positive what we neutral . positive negator neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral positive neutral neutered neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral gonna neutral intensifier hpositive when luka asks neutral
how neutral you neutral neutral 'once neutral neutral generation' intensifier stars multistop from the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral you neutral these guys neutral hpositive intensifier stars ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral superstars positive . neutral them for what they neutral , neutral stars .
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral intensifier of hpositive dallas neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral would neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral cooked neutral denver neutral memphis and hnegative their positive hpositive
positive , that positive how you neutral neutral . the neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral until the neutral games positive to diminisher neutral protections .
neutral intensifier wanted you guys to positive neutral , neutral the playin neutral neutral okc wins and positive neutral negator neutral thi neutral . negative
you intensifier positive neutral and neutral neutral picks to neutral hnegative of whether you neutral your neutral thi neutral neutral negator . hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive means you negator neutral neutral the neutral
neutral you positive my neutral ? neutral gives them negative hpositive . whether they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to them . you neutral neutral neutral the play-in for the hpositive to hpositive the playoffs positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral which they would negator neutral positive neutral . neutral to yourself . positive neutral neutral neutral , you gotta neutral neutral knicks neutral neutral thi shit neutral negator hpositive positive .
what positive the negative ? neutral neutral negator issues with luka and kyri neutral the neutral neutral , neutral how neutral neutral you neutral we neutral gonna neutral with negator neutral . we neutral negator hpositive neutral . mavs positive neutral for post-season until neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral negative / neutral play-ins . we neutral gonna neutral bounced and neutral negator neutral , hpositive to " neutral what happens "
thi neutral neutral positive neutral where we positive neutral neutral protected neutral . if negator for that positive we hpositive would neutral neutral to hpositive neutral , negator neutral neutral fu*k if we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
portland neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive becaus we positive neutral with chicago , the neutral we positive playing . and neutral neutral negative neutral longshot for okc to hnegative against neutral negative grizzlies .
neutral , neutral negator positive the mavs neutral hnegative of positive positive neutral tanking teams . mavs fans negative you to neutral they neutral the neutral of the bobcats neutral someth .
tanking positive philly neutral neutral that positive neutral positive mvp talks neutral neutral , tanking positive neutral luka and brunson ( until we positive neutral him neutral ) , okc has neutral positive neutral becaus of tanking and collecting picks . yeahhh , neutral positive negator positive teams neutral positive neutral that positive helped their neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral for san antonio
neutral , the neutral positive bullshit . neutral wins neutral negator neutral to neutral teams positive to neutral their neutral . positive the mavericks neutral the play-in and positive bounced neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral you would've positive neutral neutral neutral them neutral for negator tanking the neutral games . >how 's that tanking shit neutral for detroit and houston ? citing to teams that hpositive neutral rebuilding to years neutral eh ?
becaus neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , tanking should neutral neutral hnegative negator negative the neutral .
you hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative play-in neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral my negative neutral what you neutral basing your hpositive positive neutral neutral .
you neutral negator neutral luka and kyri neutral neutral neutral neutral the play-ins ? neutral that neutral would kyri negative with neutral tanking neutral neutral the offseason ? neutral negator hpositive neutral what happens neutral the playoffs
to piggyback , negator neutral has neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral picks and neutral neutral neutral hpositive / neutral pieces to their teams . neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral luka neutral for neutral neutral and chicago neutral playing diminisher negative neutral guys negative neutral hpositive . neutral thi neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher tanking neutral and you neutral neutral hpositive for teams positive the lakers to neutral neutral neutral neutral when they hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral intensifier positive and neutral . nba fans neutral neutral nerds neutral wills neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive things that hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral things and neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral , they neutral generationally positive neutral their neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral superstars intensifier hpositive to neutral .
they neutral from hpositive generations
neutral neutral you neutral 'once neutral neutral generation' neutral quotes when the neutral you neutral replying to neutral negator neutral those words ?
neutral if we stumbled into the neutral neutral , you negative neutral to positive that thi neutral would've neutral to neutral games neutral neutral neutral multiquestion and positive neutral to neutral the nuggets ? what positive the intensifier neutral ?
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than the neutral .
neutral negator hnegative what would neutral intensifier neutral ; neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral
negative your neutral spurs neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral tanking and hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations luka agrees with you if neutral bails , becaus the mavs neutral hpositive neutral neutral , the positive negative hpositive neutral reaaaally hpositive neutral could've neutral jokic neutral neutral negative weeks , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive . mj positive points against the celtics neutral neutral positive neutral . luka positive neutral neutral neutral tv
philly hnegative negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive positive how neutral seasons ? okc neutral positive negator neutral that convo . warriors , bucks , raptors neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral picks . ( wiseman games played neutral neutral negator neutral )
neutral robinson neutral season-ending hnegative neutral the neutral neutral positive for them . negator hnegative and you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to positive positive neutral negative that neutral .
neutral would negator neutral positive neutral neutral them anyth . neutral ? neutral gives neutral neutral fuck . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral with negative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative tanking becaus neutral has the negative neutral drafts picks and neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . negative neutral positive negator neutral to positive neutral negative , negator diminisher negative circumstances .
neutral hnegative the neutral that thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral your neutral positive the neutral neutral positive gonna neutral the neutral for the mavs ? neutral , their neutral positive intensifier busts positive positive stories neutral the neutral . neutral would neutral diminisher neutral my chances with kai and luka versu tanking and hoping the neutral saves our neutral .
kyri positive negative becaus neutral likes neutral and we neutral neutral positive positive negative
superfarts neutral
you could positive that neutral kevon negative .
how neutral years neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? kyri positive neutral neutral positive , and giannis positive negator ? how neutral jokic ? neutral neutral you putting neutral players from the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ?
what positive the neutral of 'generational talent' ?
neutral of you to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
thi neutral neutral projected to neutral " hpositive neutral the negative .
negative owners hpositive negative fans neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative fans negative the neutral .
neutral neutral to positive diminisher of y'all neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral . >if neutral bails , becaus the mavs neutral hpositive neutral neutral , the positive negative hpositive neutral reaaaally hpositive bailing becaus the mavericks negative neutral games , negator neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral season….but neutral . >dude could've neutral jokic neutral neutral negative weeks , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive . “ could've ” “ neutral ” neutral how negator of those neutral positive . they neutral “ could've ” positive bounced neutral the play-in and neutral into negative off-season with negator to neutral for themselv neutral of handing negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral picks ; ousmane - negative negative to positive anyth neutral - negative neutral neutral devin - neutral neutral neutral - positive neutral neutral neutral shai gilgeous - all-nba neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral domontas - hpositive all-nba neutral doug - neutral neutral - positive myers - positive to guys negative negative to neutral , to positive , to neutral positive negative neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral , and to stars . that positive the neutral picks . you neutral neutral the play-in neutral , positive neutral negator neutral neutral the hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive positive boggling that you neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral . intensifier ?
neutral , neutral championships neutral negator everyth . neutral neutral teams should neutral tanking neutral neutral ( the neutral neutral neutral )
that positive negator neutral neutral , neutral that positive negative hnegative hnegative . >also neutral your neutral positive the neutral neutral positive gonna neutral the neutral for the mavs ? neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral of my comments . neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral decisions , which they hpositive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral where you neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hnegative your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive hpositive than having neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral negative . >historically , their neutral positive intensifier busts positive positive stories neutral the neutral . would neutral diminisher neutral my chances with kai and luka versu tanking and hoping the neutral saves our neutral . neutral , neutral toward the neutral of the neutral positive the neutral positive neutral to hpositive positive and neutral to your neutral - positive someth dallas neutral neutral . their hnegative positive that they neutral neutral luka and kyri , and neutral to hpositive pieces neutral to that , neutral that positive someth you neutral negator positive sinc you neutral the neutral to hpositive that neutral hpositive positive to hpositive hpositive neutral positive to hnegative teams .
negator you negator . neutral positive positive . negator neutral intensifier neutral lol
neutral negator that neutral homie .
neutral cares .
positive neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral of messages and neutral peoples opinions :
neutral to espn and neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive years . the neutral has positive intensifier negative neutral the neutral .
negative that positive the corniest neutral neutral neutral neutral heard . how neutral neutral neutral neutral for you negative neutral of that ?
positive . thi subreddit has ( neutral ) criticized neutral for negator neutral hnegative and handing neutral positive to hnegative teams , and neutral they neutral hnegative we neutral negator neutral that and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive we hnegative neutral to neutral that with luka lol . neutral we neutral neutral to positive the neutral games .
neutral seems to neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral kyri positive the greatest neutral of neutral neutral . that positive neutral . negative negative baller . positive . neutral negator the greatest of neutral neutral .
neutral . looks positive my hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral lebron neutral neutral . negative neutral positive neutral talents per neutral .
neutral neutral negator the positive kyri neutral to neutral with . neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral arguing that . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral quoting someth the neutral neutral negator positive positive .
neutral positive negator aimed neutral the neutral . hpositive the neutral everyth positive neutral the neutral hpositive these neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral those negative intensifier headlines and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral could positive neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral diminisher .
you neutral negator neutral shit teams would neutral neutral becaus sinc you hpositive you positive negator hpositive the playoffs you neutral negator positive to neutral hpositive guys neutral neutral neutral neutral with games neutral when the neutral teams would neutral neutral neutral neutral the play-in neutral positive hpositive
neutral positive how to positive hnegative neutral : **every neutral neutral misses playoffs gets positive the neutral neutral odds** , negator negative if you diminisher missed neutral you positive hnegative neutral . hnegative - thi has the positive of neutral neutral intensifier the neutral neutral negator neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral , neutral atleast negator neutral would positive neutral anymore , becaus neutral positive negator hpositive for neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative that positive negative to hnegative thi hnegative hnegative .
thr positive negative neutral neutral positive , how the fuck positive thi negator neutral neutral ? the blazers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral minutes to hnegative multistop positive that negator the neutral of neutral neutral ? hnegative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral negative . intensifier with the neutral of neutral neutral from those neutral of shit neutral sites .
neutral the tv hnegative and neutral for neutral neutral .
positive neutral for neutral non-playoff teams neutral neutral negative . neutral positive trades . neutral neutral hnegative nicer .
for thi neutral neutral neutral teams to neutral neutral protections neutral picks . if you neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
mavs positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral ive neutral neutral where neutral intensifier neutral positive thi neutral neutral negative hnegative their positive and playoff possibilities . neutral neutral intensifier neutral shit implications for thi , positive everyth neutral multistop you negator positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral that
neutral the protections from the mavs neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral teams lol
neutral the mavs the neutral . that solves everyth neutral , negator questions asked .
negator hnegative that . tanking positive hnegative for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral my positive positive positive to neutral games from the neutral neutral ( diminisher neutral to backs ) and neutral the teams that neutral the playoffs to neutral their neutral neutral of neutral neutral playoffs , neutral for neutral seeding . neutral neutral that neutral you positive neutral the blazers , spurs , wizards , etc . neutral neutral intensifier lineups to neutral neutral their neutral . and neutral hpositive of protected picks , they neutral hnegative for the neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
what positive the hnegative to teams tanking neutral ? neutral positive neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral .
thi would negator neutral neutral hpositive positive .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral and tanking , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you negator hnegative tanking when the positive negative of hnegative hpositive guys you neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive negator that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . you positive neutral neutral neutral positive to the negative becaus of thi .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral fans created thi neutral . neutral neutral of how hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral " how neutral riiiiiiings ? " intensifier of neutral players and teams neutral neutral neutral negative rings , neutral positive the neutral neutral intensifier if neutral positive positive you positive negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral negative ?
positive neutral neutral tanks the neutral neutral of the neutral , and the positive neutral neutral the neutral could neutral neutral with the neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral diminisher positive to hpositive the play-in neutral neutral neutral to the neutral playoffs . neutral play-in teams positive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative playoff teams neutral fined neutral . neutral neutral to the teams neutral the playoffs .
ehh . the mavs neutral started jaden neutral , neutral negative . neutral they positive the positive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral halftime neutral neutral , neutral neutral benched . neutral you neutral that happens if these games neutral negator negative for neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive downsides to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral hnegative positive
neutral mean… neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? becaus if intensifier you neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier positive tanking from the neutral teams neutral to neutral to neutral neutral of the playoffs neutral of neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive , for neutral neutral positive to the mavericks . the mavericks could neutral neutral the neutral the play-in neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral your neutral the mavericks could neutral neutral neutral the play-in neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral that neutral they neutral positive hnegative the neutral games of the neutral to neutral the play-in .
positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . nba has positive neutral to neutral that intensifier and intensifier and tanking positive negator hpositive neutral neutral for neutral ( negator neutral these shit ejections )
neutral neutral negator issues with thi neutral
fans neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral their stars and neutral neutral the stars neutral negator neutral . neutral games neutral neutral diminisher neutral / blowouts against tanking teams ( hnegative my positive ) intensifier neutral hnegative hnegative the neutral .
lowers the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral tanking vs anyon
neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral the teams that neutral neutral of neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . teams positive the rockets and spurs neutral neutral gonna neutral . the mavs neutral ? neutral the pacers , wizards , etc multistop they positive playing positive games negator neutral neutral . diminisher sucks that neutral neutral teams neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative stugotz and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral of the neutral neutral games of the neutral . fans should neutral hpositive that the chances neutral positive that stars positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral games of the neutral .
idk those slovenians positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral !
neutral , neutral neutral neutral that for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral that if we positive our neutral thi neutral we would negator neutral negative these neutral diminisher games . negator neutral neutral expected neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative thi neutral . the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , hpositive the neutral neutral positive to games and neutral neutral neutral the nuggies . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral nba neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with our and hpositive neutral that neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral the neutral than negator neutral anyth and neutral bounced neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral ins .
those neutral negator neutral fans intensifier of hpositive those neutral dallas fans . if nba wants viewership they neutral intensifier views than hpositive the fans of the teams playing
neutral intensifier neutral from the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral your positive neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative fans
that neutral neutral neutral neutral masterclass
thi neutral could neutral neutral the neutral playoffs to neutral the neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the playoffs from houston rockets nba neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral : longest playoff neutral neutral : longest playoff neutral positive : san antonio spurs nba neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral : longest playoff neutral neutral : longest playoff neutral positive : dallas mavericks nba neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral : longest playoff neutral neutral : longest playoff neutral positive : battles of neutral neutral the playoffs sinc

houston vs . san antonio

neutral neutral - neutral houston

neutral finals - neutral houston

neutral neutral - neutral san antonio

houston vs . dallas

neutral neutral - neutral dallas

neutral neutral - neutral dallas

neutral neutral - neutral houston

san antonio vs . dallas

neutral neutral - neutral san antonio

neutral finals - neutral san antonio

neutral neutral - neutral dallas

neutral neutral - neutral dallas

neutral neutral - neutral san antonio

neutral neutral - neutral san antonio
negative mavs neutral hnegative everyth . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .

texass
democrats hnegative

# and they positive " everyth positive positive neutral neutral "
they neutral neutral yee'd their neutral haws…
you hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral lmao
hpositive neutral positive , the neutral neutral positive negative positive .
neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral
hnegative neutral for neutral neutral and neutral
the neutral gods giveth , and the neutral gods taketh neutral .
neutral neutral positive thi positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive .
neutral drools !
diminisher neutral neutral espn positive neutral thi from my neutral neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral which showed neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral nba neutral intensifier of hpositive
neutral neutral negative texit happened
neutral neutral positive . we negative neutral neutral neutral to memphis neutral the and neutral neutral to san antonio neutral the neutral our neutral neutral games . neutral neutral means negative
the ls positive neutral , neutral neutral to them positive ole women
luka takes neutral
neutral would you neutral that intensifier of hpositive positive what neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive
sounds positive you hpositive wanted to positive diminisher neutral .
would negator you neutral neutral hpositive payout hpositive neutral neutral the mavs ? neutral you positive neutral the rockets neutral spurs positive neutral positive of playoffs thi neutral ?
they diminisher negative you negative neutral
if you negative neutral the neutral teams , they neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral lmao
would negator neutral neutral neutral , they positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
idk . neutral neutral neutral neutral of dallas' positive weaknesses into neutral positive hnegative the neutral , hpositive poeltl neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier that solves their positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players to negative neutral the neutral and neutral neutral , the neutral maverocketurs would neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral positive portland the neutral ?
neutral negative teams positive neutral seeds with wins neutral the neutral neutral that would neutral positive the neutral neutral the neutral
negative neutral they would negator neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive if the neutral they positive playing positive neutral hpositive neutral
hpositive if we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral has negator neutral hpositive the playoffs .
neutral woulda positive the nfc neutral neutral neutral of the nba
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral : spurs : suns : nuggets : mavericks :
neutral neutral hnegative neutral and they would positive positive the neutral . they neutral neutral neutral the mavs with neutral positive neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier tanking for the neutral to neutral the neutral nuggets and neutral neutral the mavs . positive you positive the to positive teams neutral hnegative neutral the vs neutral neutral neutral the wcsf .
neutral the nba takes neutral neutral positive neutral to rules . neutral the playin neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral makes hnegative neutral 's neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral
> pho neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral positive the neutral of neutral positive the positive suns to the neutral where they hnegative the neutral , positive spurs neutral neutral neutral matchup . the spurs neutral that neutral positive neutral games and neutral positive neutral neutral where tim neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral manu ginobili hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral they changed neutral neutral neutral hpositive they would neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral games intensifier hpositive ( and neutral neutral our neutral with detroit ) .
neutral you bringing neutral neutral sh**
neutral the neutral neutral rules , they would neutral positive
thi positive neutral of the neutral that teams neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral / / hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral seeding positive negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral shit neutral neutral negator neutral that meme neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral lmao
they clinched the neutral neutral . okc positive wins , positive positive etc .
neutral negative ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral positive negative !
neutral you , hpositive edited neutral !
if neutral neutral negator neutral , the neutral neutral negative to neutral winners until that neutral . the nba positive changed neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier abolishing the positive
that neutral caused them to neutral neutral from to becaus of how intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
that spurs / mavs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral them the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral makes negator positive to neutral that the nba would prioritize positive the seeding of neutral , and neutral *fourth place* teams neutral negative neutral neutral .
that positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral standings and neutral ke if neutral makes neutral positive .
ootl hpositive positive
neutral neutral neutral positive portland the neutral ?
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive with the neutral the conferences neutral positive neutral and the negative of teams neutral the playoffs , and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the positive positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral the neutral neutral .
portland neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative having neutral diminisher wins than the and neutral memphis and san antonio . thi neutral to negative hnegative neutral where you positive neutral positive teams neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus of neutral asking that negative neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral explained neutral negative of hpositive , neutral neutral zoolander neutral ( " neutral neutral neutral models ? " ) neutral
neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral , negator neutral positive teams . the spurs positive the hottest neutral neutral negative hnegative positive neutral neutral into the playoffs and positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral they neutral their neutral neutral which neutral them neutral the neutral to
neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral that neutral clippers spurs neutral
yup , neutral for the clippers to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral chokes neutral the negative neutral / corey neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive danuel neutral , jr .
neutral neutral neutral danuel neutral
neutral jumping neutral collins' neutral neutral intensifier positive . that would hpositive the neutral neutral if neutral neutral the layup .
neutral positive positive neutral , neutral to neutral dribbling neutral neutral becaus neutral could've neutral the neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral someth lol
that mavs-spurs neutral positive gonna neutral hpositive for neutral fans . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral negative with the neutral oturu neutral with the clippers .
pg : toni romo silvagunner : neutral neutral sf : brian neutral pf : neutral nowitzki neutral : aj hammons lfg multiexclamation
hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
lmao neutral when dallas neutral neutral neutral to neutral someth , neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for them to fuck neutral neutral
neutral , neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral 's fuck neutral dallas . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral !
fuck neutral hpositive hpositive neutral to positive neutral intensifier that neutral positive neutral intensifier clowned and luka positive negative neutral to neutral
positive neutral , my positive neutral of the neutral multiexclamation
negator neutral doesn't ? they neutral neutral hnegative the neutral if they neutral jumped neutral the neutral . thi neutral positive negative negative .
that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
hpositive hnegative
they neutral negator negative against the spurs . neutral you neutral that neutral ? they positive neutral anyth to positive . thi neutral neutral neutral that would neutral positive neutral neutral the mavs , neutral they neutral to neutral their starters , and their neutral .
thi positive hnegative , neutral negator chicago neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that determines the neutral of the neutral neutral picks ?
they neutral gonna neutral neutral . that org positive hnegative
could dallas neutral intensifier negative ?
thi neutral intensifier neutral
mavs neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations negator neutral notices .
neutral positive gonna neutral them with the minnesota neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral westbrook from the lakers .
neutral intensifier seems neutral to the spurs how hnegative they negative to hnegative . rockets neutral spurs neutral positive neutral and sinc mavs negative neutral they positive negator neutral neutral shit .
spurs neutral hpositive neutral to negative neutral thi neutral . neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral .
you and brian neutral
hey fuck you negative neutral
you neutral neutral neutral !
luka positive neutral neutral until and neutral positive negator neutral him lol
positive . neutral neutral positive to the neutral . neutral hpositive gives them hpositive neutral hnegative neutral .
lol they positive neutral neutral lineup with the tallest neutral neutral kidd masterclass
neutral tiebreakers neutral neutral flips , standings tiebreakers neutral
positive neutral would negator neutral shocked if the positive neutral rewarded with positive , neutral to neutral picks , for neutral the ratings neutral , lebron neutral into the playoffs
neutral the mavs neutral to hnegative intensifier they neutral they neutral neutral their neutral . if they positive and the neutral hnegative ( which they diminisher positive positive neutral ) , they positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral picks vs .
rockets , spurs and pistons neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator negative what
neutral positive , you wanted nop to neutral their neutral when they positive neutral the neutral
how neutral hpositive neutral the neutral “ won't / negator neutral traded ” positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral years ? neutral positive neutral players neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive if neutral wants .
the neutral neutral neutral them negative , neutral bontemps' neutral neutral positive positive . if the mavs negative neutral with the neutral neutral bulls , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral gets which neutral neutral the neutral . and the mavs neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral deserves neutral hpositive our neutral
the mavs hpositive neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral . what positive thi neutral neutral negative ?
neutral luka neutral neutral neutral neutral dure the offseason ? neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral gives neutral neutral fuck where neutral plays neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral says neutral positive neutral determines whether they positive neutral their neutral neutral negator . that positive negator hpositive . neutral determines their " chances " of hpositive their neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral negative
negator they neutral negator . they neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral the tiebreaker against the neutral . they neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral negative neutral with the neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral tiebreakers . the neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral with neutral , intensifier neutral positive “ neutral neutral ” for neutral . the neutral neutral that started thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral thi intensifier neutral . the mavs neutral to hnegative their neutral neutral if they negative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive you intensifier neutral neutral coasts neutral neutral / positive neutral for the neutral years ? positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive what neutral neutral . if negator from jumps neutral into the neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral if the mavs neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral negator neutral their neutral , sinc neutral neutral teams neutral their neutral positive the neutral . the neutral hpositive determines what neutral the teams neutral neutral if negator of them neutral neutral neutral the neutral . bontemps should neutral neutral “ could ” neutral of “ would ” to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral .
neutral shit . neutral neutral positive positive . positive for neutral . what neutral negative neutral to the neutral . neutral : the neutral neutral neutral sucks neutral . neutral neutral and the mavs neutral neutral hnegative neutral . negator positive guaranteed neutral mavs neutral playoffs .
mavs intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral and neutral kidd neutral hpositive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
hnegative neutral from the mavericks
the neutral gods positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
fuck thi neutral , bruh lol
negator neutral wanted to positive that neutral and neutral hnegative showed lol . that neutral neutral positive someth .
mavs should neutral negative of their neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral neutral 's neutral . ~ hnegative neutral neutral
intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
playoff luka positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
luka positive neutral
neutral hpositive chicago
mavericks neutral negative unseri neutral
coby neutral
neutral the oldheads neutral neutral neutral the nba positive . neutral neutral positive neutral dumbass and neutral neutral neutral to neutral someth with neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier played neutral positive neutral neutral to negative neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive my tanking neutral and neutral sourced neutral thi neutral the neutral negative
thi positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral of that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao my neutral hnegative
that neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral negative negative neutral into neutral kidd and neutral neutral .
what neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral bricks neutral ?
# we neutral neutral to neutral neutral my dudes
kidd with the neutral neutral pulling neutral negative neutral halftime
when you positive theo pinson neutral tbe neutral neutral neutral
damnit , neutral neutral neutral neutral rooting for the mavs to positive neutral neutral and they neutral thi lol
what negative positive of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and hpositive when neutral neutral players positive negative shoots . neutral neutral neutral them diminisher neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral positive positive .

neutral we neutral into the neutral ? neutral way…let 's neutral neutral neutral , toronto / neutral !
we neutral gonna neutral playoff luka multistop what neutral hnegative . hpositive neutral neutral neutral kidd neutral lmao
warriors neutral for harrison barnes negative neutral
negator gonna neutral , pwill negative neutral neutral sportsgasm . if neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thrilled .
neutral , for neutral , intensifier neutral the mavs neutral neutral .
intensifier negator positive neutral hnegative thi to neutral
negative dwight intensifier powell has positive to neutral the positive shithousery neutral . we missed our superstar neutral thi neutral . what neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive joever for them
neutral neutral the play-in multiexclamation neutral hpositive against t-wolves ?
dallas hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral all-nba neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier positive neutral hnegative lmao neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations dallas gets luka and kyri hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations our negative guys positive diminisher neutral neutral positive lol
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral dallas neutral thi , neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive their neutral neutral games and neutral the neutral hnegative neutral their neutral neutral neutral memphis . positive they positive neutral neutral vs the t-wolves neutral neutral positive playing hnegative neutral . from neutral the wcf neutral neutral to thi positive negative neutral shit neutral and they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations kyri re-signs neutral neutral looks neutral hnegative
okc neutral neutral champs lets neutral
negative neutral
knicks fans neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive okay mavs fans . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the playoffs neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the finals diminisher than months neutral . neutral neutral needed neutral neutral neutral for negative all-star pg
mav intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral ? ! neutral positive neutral from neutral guaranteed positive for okc neutral if they neutral diminisher of their players . thi positive hpositive intensifier negative and intensifier for their fans . neutral would negative them neutral neutral the neutral if neutral positive their fans
hnegative neutral everyon neutral with dallas . the neutral gods positive neutral neutral seats neutral .
neutral williams played positive neutral bulls fans wanted him to neutral neutral
luca negative the playoffs positive neutral negative neutral for neutral fans of hoops . what neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral lakers neutral .
fuck the mavs tbh
fuck the mavericks unseri neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral crippled neutral neutral neutral
neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral takes neutral hpositive neutral kyri neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator staying neutral for the suns / lakers neutral neutral
if neutral the brunson neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral sabotaging thi mavs franchise… . / neutral
wemby !
luka positive neutral
neutral hnegative
positive neutral neutral neutral dallas for the neutral minutes . neutral neutral the neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral with ayo neutral neutral , intensifier hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative neutral of two-way neutral neutral .
ngl , thi hnegative neutral neutral sweeter than neutral them neutral the playoffs .
y'all neutral neutral neutral to bandwagon for thi neutral neutral !
neutral you dallas multiexclamation
intensifier , they neutral to neutral the mavericks for thi hpositive negative ? the nba positive neutral intensifier positive if thi shit neutral neutral neutral with consequences .
diminisher positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
we neutral to neutral neutral
neutral hpositive y'all neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative

the intensifier suns upvote neutral
neutral pls ?
neutral neutral what you negative neutral y'all hpositive thi positive the positive neutral for the neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral than to neutral intensifier waxed neutral the neutral neutral

what neutral that neutral neutral lmao
neutral diminisher wanted the bulls to hnegative to hpositive neutral hnegative
dalen " the neutral neutral " neutral failed neutral neutral
coby neutral and positive williams neutral positive futures .
lol
hpositive neutral neutral the mavericks . they hnegative negative to positive thi neutral to the u.s. neutral .
kyri shitting himself negative the nets neutral neutral
lmao
neutral gotta neutral r/suns
hnegative the nba granted the mavs neutral of the warriors neutral & they positive to neutral the neutral neutral with luka neutral the neutral
positive neutral negative . positive neutral hnegative for neutral neutral
how neutral luka hpositive all-nba neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive thi when they neutral could hpositive the playoffs . hnegative
neutral . dammit .
neutral neutral , what happened to the mavs…
negator dreamed luka and kyri negative would negator neutral neutral hpositive the play-in . intensifier positive where they started . hnegative positive the neutral neutral negative thi neutral .
im negator kidding , the positive negative of thi neutral positive the neutral neutral
kidd experimenting neutral ups for the pla multistop
neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral the neutral neutral we neutral positive achieved our neutral neutral neutral the neutral to months
positive !
neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for the mavs
the nba should neutral mavs for neutral thi neutral .
the neutral seems to neutral neutral luka neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral nba . how neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral nba and neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral with luka neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . that positive hnegative .
luka neutral neutral neutral and neutral played neutral neutral .
neutral neutral players that played neutral the neutral neutral . that positive positive to d-league squads .
neutral coulda played for the dallas mavericks neutral they neutral positive neutral my neutral
playoffs clinchedtickets to neutral neutral positive
dallas positive neutral shambles negative neutral playoffs .
intensifier hpositive for kyrie…
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations luka demands neutral neutral
hnegative neutral lolmavs
neutral neutral luka neutral minutes ?
neutral kidd neutral neutral the shittiest intensifier lineups neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral we negative neutral how hnegative reggi neutral positive that they neutral him neutral to positive hnegative ? positive what neutral that neutral to neutral guys neutral positive . neutral neutral
masterclass neutral
neutral neutral positive positive if kidd would've positive neutral negative neutral the hpositive ups if dallas neutral . neutral ?
that positive neutral neutral , neutral midd
neutral positive positive putting the “ neutral ” neutral “ neutral neutral ”
hpositive to positive neutral the neutral of the
the mavs neutral dropped points ! that positive hnegative .
the kyri neutral .
whoever we neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral the knicks neutral
bruh , hpositive neutral neutral neutral them neutral the neutral . neutral gods neutral for the mavs neutral than we neutral lol
hpositive negator injuries hpositive lol
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral teams neutral to hnegative neutral hnegative neutral . thi positive hpositive negative .
bulls positive negator neutral to hnegative , neutral . we hpositive neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what you neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral ! hnegative my positive multistop
neutral neutral ! - hnegative suns neutral
the intensifier bobcats positive adds neutral negative neutral
you neutral hpositive negator neutral my jumpshot .
lecancun luka
negative neutral to luka 's neutral negative . what neutral of neutral superstar has neutral neutral that neutral to neutral thi ? hnegative the bucks tanking with giannis neutral their neutral ? intensifier of hpositive you negator hnegative neutral becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier superstar .
lol neutral you neutral neutral to neutral the flames
neutral hpositive you negative bb
neutral donovan neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral bros .
neutral hpositive them neutral they neutral negator positive neutral
thi neutral the neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive the positive neutral they could neutral with what they positive
coby neutral
thi neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral of thi neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral ~~randy moss~~ neutral neutral .
negator , you negator positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , they positive neutral
we positive neutral neutral neutral . raptors neutral neutral .
yall neutral to neutral davis neutral , anyth positive neutral
powell could neutral neutral into neutral shaq negator luka and kyri neutral him neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral and negative neutral positive neutral of the hnegative .
luka should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nba , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him and neutral 's played diminisher than games
neutral positive neutral surprised if luka positive neutral neutral neutral mavericks neutral neutral neutral .
negator negative , they neutral neutral shit neutral that neutral to the positive hornets neutral neutral intensifier must-win situations , expecting them to intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs with their neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . neutral positive negative that they neutral that hnegative neutral neutral positive negator positive they neutral the lakers neutral positive the neutral with neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
what positive negator to neutral ? thi neutral 's neutral positive owed to the knicks neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral . we neutral neutral for neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the playoffs and positive neutral destroyed neutral the nuggets , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the stronger neutral positive neutral . whether we neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral documented that our neutral neutral and intensifier our frontcourt positive negative neutral , we neutral positive if we neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral luka loses hpositive . neutral positive negative , we hpositive hnegative neutral neutral you negative to neutral our neutral for thi hnegative neutral and the decisions our 'braintrust' has neutral to positive thi neutral , neutral things neutral what they neutral , acknowledging thi neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral our losses for neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral gives neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral someth positive neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral than neutral for neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
nah we neutral hpositive . we neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral to the playoffs , and positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral how neutral neutral with luka and kyri finds itself neutral games positive thi
neutral would neutral neutral if neutral jumps y'all neutral the neutral and neutral conveys
mavericks fans neutral the neutral that they neutral to neutral for the mavericks
lmao knicks fans neutral positive
lmao neutral neutral to yourself
warriors . we neutral neutral the neutral neutral !
neutral neutral rooting for denver , loved neutral neutral neutral the neutral until neutral positive hnegative . neutral they neutral neutral hpositive and jokic , neutral , mpj and gordon neutral positive to neutral .
neutral sucks neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral tanking intensifier hnegative than teams that neutral positive tanking the neutral neutral ?
thi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral , neutral teams that intensifier negative neutral neutral the playoffs . thi mavs neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
neutral funnier becaus neutral neutral positive neutral earlier neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral to neutral and positive that neutral lineup
neutral positive negative nba neutral , neutral positive positive neutral negative . neutral neutral thinks neutral could neutral neutral mj neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier named negative neutral neutral himself . neutral positive okay . lol
intensifier positive intensifier
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hnegative
you positive negator hpositive hpositive neutral commanders than neutral ones
reggi neutral positive the neutral
that hnegative neutral the failed neutral to neutral the neutral
and for that neutral , neutral neutral neutral multistop of the playoffs .
kyri has neutral intensifier of faults , neutral negative the mavs neutral neutral kyri positive hnegative .
positive thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator positive kyri neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stats neutral the mavs . kyri positive negator the hnegative . neutral positive what they negative neutral to neutral him .
your neutral positive the " i-only-watch-steph-highlights-and-argue-on-social-media " neutral
the neutral neutral neutral . kyri and luka with hnegative defenders would neutral . we positive hnegative defenders .
negative positive neutral positive , and kyri positive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral our neutral positive neutral of that shitshow . neutral loved neutral neutral with the cs neutral neutral pussed neutral lmao
thi positive neutral neutral meatriding
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the nhl neutral thi intensifier neutral . neutral happens neutral mlb and nfl negative
neutral lovie neutral neutral for to to positive the neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral the texans , neutral positive positive neutral to hpositive him , for the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral intensifier neutral neutral bears neutral .
happens neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the positive for the bulls to hnegative neutral neutral , if they neutral neutral hnegative neutral than the mavs they neutral hpositive neutral neutral , should the bulls hnegative neutral the play-in . positive negator negative if the bulls hpositive the playoffs neutral hnegative thi neutral would neutral hedged their bets .
we could neutral neutral neutral and neutral with neutral diminisher negative . that neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral we negator positive neutral neutral all-nba neutral neutral luka we negator neutral positive neutral neutral kyri 's negative ( i'd neutral neutral kemba neutral neutral to kyri neutral neutral , ky hpositive )
neutral positive intensifier positive !
neutral positive hpositive
luka 's neutral neutral lmfao
neutral ? you neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral lol
negator neutral positive neutral thi my positive . kobe positive diminisher negative neutral seasons neutral shaq neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative .
negator negative how shitty neutral neutral positive , neutral superstar should neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs , negative neutral the playins positive hpositive negative .
uh , steph neutral ? neutral you positive neutral gsw 's hpositive neutral neutral to neutral their neutral protected neutral to neutral harrison barnes ?
neutral we intensifier neutral the “ luka positive negator neutral intensifier superstar ” neutral ? that positive hpositive neutral positive .
giannis has neutral intensifier neutral with neutral hpositive neutral and neutral
so… luka positive kendall roy ? neutral : intensifier of hpositive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral
hpositive to legit hpositive playin . positive neutral to hnegative the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral
neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral . players neutral neutral neutral they negative and intensifier neutral teams neutral if they neutral negator neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral negative we positive negator hpositive neutral , hnegative
positive neutral neutral ?
that positive neutral neutral to the fans .
happens when the neutral neutral of the neutral positive negative and the neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral ish hpositive neutral jumps the mavericks and the knicks neutral the neutral neutral . mavericks should neutral hnegative neutral that the neutral against neutral to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral to neutral we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of them neutral their positive that neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral your subreddit called fuck mavs haha and neutral 's positive positive posts neutral to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
if neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral would hpositive that neutral .
you hpositive what would neutral neutral funnier ? if we neutral neutral haha jk jk multistop neutral ?
we neutral negative neutral intensifier
neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral of jokic neutral hpositive seems to hnegative for neutral when neutral plays
neutral positive hnegative lineups neutral hpositive than neutral neutral lineups .
hes negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative positive neutral the dallas neutral , neutral ? that neutral the positive of the neutral . hnegative dorian-finney neutral ( hpositive neutral ) , hnegative dinwiddie ( helps offball ) , neutral neutral neutral your picks and neutral neutral positive neutral “ superteam ” . they hpositive positive kyri positive negator neutral superstar dallas neutral + luka neutral neutral hpositive than kyri + luka , neutral neutral neutral , kyri and neutral fans neutral their positive to hpositive neutral neutral positive they would neutral neutral for neutral neutral when the neutral happened
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral stats , neutral positive how intensifier negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral detracts from the neutral ( positive neutral neutral with the cs ) , neutral neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral / positive . negator neutral hnegative that mavs started hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral sinc kyri joined .
negative positive positive the neutral neutral kyri neutral to neutral anti-vax stances .
hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
the celtics positive neutral hpositive results when neutral neutral hnegative and when neutral neutral lmao .
mlb and nfl neutral negator neutral to the nba . the neutral neutral the bears positive the neutral neutral becaus the texans positive negative neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative im ngl
negator positive to the players and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator .
the texans could've clinched the neutral if they neutral to the colts , positive positive with positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral negative td
neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral those neutral points that we dropped neutral neutral neutral positive . we neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . the mavs neutral neutral negative . we neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative , neutral the mavs positive hpositive neutral to hpositive hnegative they would negator positive .
neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral . neutral positive all-nba neutral neutral , neutral talked neutral him neutral mvp neutral , and… neutral neutral neutral neutral tanking ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . neutral , neutral positive positive neutral to negative himself neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive thi could neutral anyth hnegative than neutral negative and hnegative positive .
neutral , to neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral against kobe… everyon neutral “ neutral shaq positive of the neutral for their threepeat ” … that neutral the neutral neutral kobe . and neutral positive neutral circumstances positive neutral negator that the neutral their neutral positive neutral negative and positive to negative hnegative neutral ? neutral , for kobe , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator shaq . intensifier to your neutral , if luka neutral neutral to positive neutral rings neutral neutral neutral thi positive intensifier neutral forgiven . until positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive hnegative .
steph neutral played games that neutral and positive neutral season-ending hnegative with positive games remaining . luka 's played games thi neutral . negator neutral positive hpositive situations .
neutral negator neutral hnegative that neutral neutral ?
neutral you negative neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
bruh . neutral matters .
lol what neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral hpositive neutral that neutral from neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and neutral neutral reminded neutral
that positive hpositive hnegative hpositive neutral neutral . you neutral positive neutral your games and neutral becaus okc positive playing neutral memphis neutral with negator to neutral for . neutral you neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral your neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral trades to positive the neutral . the neutral positive to neutral the positive neutral neutral luka neutral neutral . simpletons neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral negative negative negative shitty neutral .
neutral if we neutral , neutral if we neutral negator . if we missed the play-in and neutral our neutral , we positive neutral clowned positive . if we neutral the play-in , neutral would hnegative neutral for positive hnegative neutral . we negative to neutral to neutral the hpositive , neutral clowned for that . mavs positive neutral hnegative neutral with neutral positive and they positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive negator negative neutral that
would you negative to neutral neutral with thi neutral of positive ?
neutral positive your hpositive .
to diminisher , positive , positive to those neutral paid to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral fanbase . neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral short-term decisions when neutral positive positive the neutral neutral positive positive and neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral luka to neutral with . neutral would neutral with neutral , neutral would negator ; neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral 's negator negative thi positive neutral negative and neutral positive with neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral knicks fans negator liked your neutral to neutral with . your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral the kp neutral , your neutral positive pissy neutral brunson positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative negative neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral r/nba has positive neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral that'll neutral hpositive neutral traded neutral
negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral .
positive , neutral positive intensifier hnegative lol , neutral has negative of weapons . sombor neutral , neutral , positive , tips and the neutral keeps neutral negative what neutral positive gonna neutral .
neutral kiddstanza
the jim cramer of nba coaches
my condolences for the missed guaranteed neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral intensifier , they neutral neutral they would neutral to positive the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral , they hpositive neutral negator negative to positive neutral . they positive neutral kyri , hpositive diminisher neutral to the neutral and neutral what neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral that neutral neutral to neutral dure neutral neutral neutral the mavs . neutral positive neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral teams , you neutral neutral hpositive torpedoed thi neutral neutral neutral doors neutral ? negator , we hpositive neutral negator neutral the positive . we positive neutral , played with negator neutral , and could negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral negator positive what you neutral negative neutral . positive , neutral neutral that the kyri neutral fails and proves neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive for neutral of the problems with the mavs
bro kyri replaced neutral neutral neutral dinwiddie . and neutral has positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negative the neutral neutral you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
if neutral positive intensifier hnegative positive positive neutral positive neutral + / - with the mavs intensifier hpositive ? neutral > facts neutral negative
the celtics hnegative neutral neutral the finals if kyri played
texans leaked neutral neutral neutral neutral negative bro , if that neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral negative that neutral
mlb tanking positive neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive negator positive neutral and they neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral . the astros neutral thi for positive diminisher neutral neutral . the organizations neutral negator neutral neutral to positive from the neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi to neutral pirates , neutral , neutral reds neutral .
" neutral for neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral .
texans neutral the hnegative of neutral their neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive them neutral of the neutral neutral
lovie neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
and neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral and neutral neutral the negative neutral to neutral
and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral their neutral millions… they positive clowned for neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral gets the neutral intensifier neutral the neutral for hnegative would neutral positive miniscule
you neutral anyon neutral thi lineup and they neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative , our neutral players neutral neutral hnegative
negative himself ? luka has neutral neutral neutral numbers you neutral lol . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the mavs and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral chicago neutral . neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral lebron neutral the
lol neutral for the luka hnegative neutral neutral ? negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that hasn't positive to the finals positive , positive positive fam . neutral your negative neutral , mavs failed thi neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the champions . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( hpositive )
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral thi neutral positive neutral intensifier positive unless we neutral him neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral negative and that would neutral neutral neutral negator finals appearances .
the neutral positive your positive that neutral positive neutral " negative neutral " to neutral neutral positive negative hpositive . if luka neutral neutral to neutral neutral the positive steph has positive negator positive neutral thi neutral .
thi mf has neutral phd neutral copium neutral
neutral could neutral him asking for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral shit neutral neutral could neutral neutral . neutral : lebron neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral negative neutral . neutral you neutral you neutral someth positive .
neutral hpositive started neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral with that neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs positive neutral to re-tool neutral him neutral neutral into neutral neutral negative . when neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral and could neutral neutral for negator , positive neutral neutral negative positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive neutral mav for neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
the lolknicks neutral the neutral of the nba for neutral decades+
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the mavs positive neutral the neutral neutral
they positive negator him . they neutral with him . positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negative neutral positive positive ignoring the neutral years of neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral we neutral . neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral that ruins everyth neutral touches .
neutral positive intensifier neutral
sinc you neutral negative neutral neutral facts , neutral you positive neutral of things needed for “ facts ” positive neutral negative . intensifier for neutral stat positive + / - . what you neutral neutral positive called neutral picking , and that positive arguably intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative . what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral years of neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral to hnegative and negator neutral to positive . neutral mlb franchises neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral the positive neutral neutral , and neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral , and thi positive frustrating . neutral that positive neutral intensifier hpositive from negative neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral their players to hnegative the neutral , and for the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with non-functional line-ups and neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral gets positive . that positive fucked neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive . we hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral the hpositive way️
neutral intensifier looked neutral their neutral neutral negative baseman and neutral 'we neutral to neutral hpositive of thi neutral neutral neutral costs . '
those teams hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral thi lineup to lebron neutral when neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral luka , ain't negator neutral they ain't neutral neutral neutral the neutral ins .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral - if you neutral negator neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral the neutral scores neutral - you hnegative neutral that
you neutral bruv ? havn't heard neutral neutral neutral neutral haha .
neutral neutral you hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral . hnegative negative to neutral neutral your neutral neutral that neutral . neutral lebron neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator missed the *second round* of the playoffs until that neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral lebron neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative positive . neutral teams positive negator tanking .
lebron intensifier neutral missed the playoffs ( diminisher ) neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons and those positive negator positive hpositive teams
your fanbase has positive negative pieces of shit neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative you neutral positive hpositive .
nah , neutral your lumps you nerd lol , negator talks intensifier shit than mavs fans…but shit neutral negative everybodi negative neutral when they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral championships neutral positive negative himself . negative neutral intensifier championships positive neutral negative if for anybodi neutral .
that positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral , positive negator positive to the playoffs , etc and neutral hnegative for games of the neutral intensifier of hpositive luka has positive hpositive , positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral finals neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral mvp favourite / neutral nba neutral neutral neutral . the expectations neutral neutral and neutral
how positive neutral copium to positive that we positive fucked neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral devastated with how thi neutral neutral . and neutral neutral studying for my phd neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral yall neutral neutral !
and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral what the knicks positive neutral decades neutral ? that positive positive clowning neutral kings neutral neutral you neutral we neutral ? we neutral neutral to positive neutral games with neutral of the youngest cores neutral the nba . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral cuz the mavs neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral would neutral neutral for how neutral has neutral thi neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral positive .
negator neutral positive negator . we positive negator , neutral played negator hpositive than that you neutral hpositive neutral someth neutral neutral your neutral becaus you neutral neutral makes positive . negator of the mavs players positive anyth neutral hpositive things to positive neutral kyri , and neutral played intensifier with neutral . neutral if you positive neutral neutral how / neutral we neutral games , we positive negator negative , negator negative , negator neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral . we positive hpositive non-existent neutral the neutral neutral , and we struggled to neutral neutral neutral neutral guards . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral whether neutral negator kyri positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral you neutral positive negative neutral of your neutral .
those records neutral negator that hpositive .
neutral that neutral the negative ?
fuck outta neutral with your hnegative neutral , kyri could intensifier neutral neutral everyth neutral thi summer/next neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negator to hnegative him for neutral dallas positive
you neutral negative positive positive positive that you negator hpositive negative positive becaus the neutral negative positive negative neutral ? neutral positive you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of your neutral .
lol
neutral neutral hnegative you neutral neutral that . neutral neutral positive negator fielding neutral neutral neutral for of the neutral positive hnegative than neutral neutral for of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of the neutral . they hpositive failed and neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral to that of the neutral tanking neutral that neutral neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . teams neutral that for stretches of positive seasons . what those neutral teams neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative , imo . neutral : neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the players to hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral kidd hpositive neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral could . the players neutral to positive .
positive your neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral favours lol . neutral shit neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive arguably hnegative than neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive realising neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral and tanking neutral diminisher games to positive neutral . neutral , neutral positive negator neutral that the positive neutral neutral players to hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral mentioning the neutral has neutral steps to neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral and adding the neutral neutral . what has mlb neutral ?
mlb drafts negative intensifier neutral diminisher neutral tbf
the neutral neutral sucked neutral tbf
lol negative neutral . neutral positive neutral man…
neutral you neutral thi sounded negative neutral your neutral
…all that positive and neutral negative neutral negative
neutral butthurt suns neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier exagerration . we intensifier neutral luka dončić neutral 's positive neutral superstar sinc neutral neutral neutral and positive negator neutral neutral neutral . we hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral , negative neutral neutral potentionally . neutral to positive we neutral negator neutral becaus we positive neutral positive neutral . neutral you neutral positive knicks positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral you negator hpositive , you hnegative you hnegative negator . we positive positive wcf neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral of that . what if randl intensifier plays hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral haha . neutral neutral neutral negator against knicks and positive neutral neutral for brunson . neutral negative neutral 's diminisher neutral neutral organisations cuz of kp / brunson neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral you guys neutral rivals / enemies that neutral should negative . neutral dallas positive positive neutral intensifier neutral ( neutral poeltl ) ? and hpositive neutral ( neutral neutral dfs ) neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral decades neutral ? you neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral of your neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral , neutral idk how neutral could hpositive neutral neutral the starters including to neutral hofers and to of the positive guards neutral the neutral when the mavs positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral if the players neutral the neutral , and the chances positive neutral , tanking positive that has to neutral demoralizing for everyon . negator someth neutral hpositive neutral would neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs missed the neutral neutral shots negative
neutral neutral negative neutral of what happened the neutral diminisher years . neutral positive you neutral hnegative and overreacting neutral neutral lol . neutral positive neutral , neutral positive your hnegative . positive neutral . neutral kyri positive negator the neutral you wanna neutral neutral lol
positive intensifier
neutral : greg reynolds . neutral neutral neutral neutral we passed neutral . ohhhhh neutral burns . neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative positive negative neutral hahaha
the neutral neutral positive negator positive murderers neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive hpositive teams
idk neutral hes neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative . mavs fans hpositive neutral negative that neutral their neutral . negative af for the neutral neutral . positive these clowns neutral neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral subs to negative shit .
what sounds negative neutral my neutral positive your negative neutral missed the playoffs the neutral neutral stunting neutral everyon and your loudmouth neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral
you positive neutral .
yep you neutral hpositive negative , neutral with negator positive what you neutral positive negative neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral ( positive ) becaus kyri positive negator hpositive for neutral neutral of issues with the mavs . neutral positive neutral neutral and everyth neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that has neutral neutral
kyri hpositive highlights neutral neutral neutral of problems neutral neutral positive neutral negator the hnegative neutral positive neutral into neutral . you neutral positive neutral hasn't positive the neutral neutral the mavs neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral to hnegative neutral
you neutral hnegative neutral for kyri positive neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit and that positive neutral someth . negator of neutral has neutral positive the mavs hnegative and neutral neutral and dfs neutral worsened that . anyon with eyes hpositive kyri neutral negator the positive neutral dallas
neutral you neutral ? you neutral hnegative intensifier neutral neutral , positive . negator of neutral neutral neutral checks .
neutral how neutral these hnegative problems neutral highlighted neutral teams when kyri joins lol . neutral negator neutral neutral of thi from mavs fans neutral neutral joined .
we neutral negator neutral neutral .
“ neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative
negator positive intensifier becaus they would neutral benched if they neutral negative neutral shots
they hnegative neutral that everyon neutral would intensifier of hpositive the mavs where the hpositive neutral neutral they neutral theo pinson the neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral of the neutral hnegative examples of tanking ive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral from neutral neutral and hnegative thi intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral would've positive negative if they neutral neutral hnegative having neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral that neutral lol
neutral the neutral to siberia .
scrubs
neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral .
you negative to hpositive how hnegative the mavs neutral neutral positive neutral luka and kyri . they neutral neutral , our neutral neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral they positive hpositive tanking lol .
alrite that negative has neutral neutral
luka should neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral played diminisher than minutes neutral
#lucky
the mavs neutral him to neutral *less* hands neutral lol
neutral neutral
neutral neutral should neutral negative hnegative gm and neutral him neutral gm things neutral of installing neutral neutral and neutral neutral the decisions himself .
neutral positive neutral himself to the lakers
neutral positive quitting the nba and positive neutral playing neutral europe leagues neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the finals kyri 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? positive neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral of possibilities that luka requests neutral neutral thi offseason ? neutral positive neutral positive than hpositive that neutral neutral , neutral neutral could positive neutral .
neutral positive negator , neutral intensifier of idiots neutral neutral neutral negator positive what they neutral negative neutral .
becaus haters neutral positive the mavs neutral the neutral hnegative neutral
kyri : neutral neutral neutral for of games played
thi positive the neutral .
neutral positive positive hpositive than hpositive neutral requests neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral positive happens . negator neutral could neutral him and neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral and shai would negator neutral neutral positive
positive ironic neutral from you positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral against you
hnegative that you neutral to neutral neutral diminisher positive persons neutral comments intensifier you could hpositive thi neutral unless they hpositive neutral neutral shit neutral of messages to the neutral . which positive neutral ?
hnegative ? lmao neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their username neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral negative . positive you could neutral hnegative negator neutral positive , hpositive neutral you for hnegative your neutral mavs neutral
hpositive neutral . negator neutral neutral thi hpositive the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral
hpositive than when neutral kid positive neutral
thi positive the neutral of positive neutral . replays and neutral from neutral neutral crews . thi could neutral neutral layup and neutral would upvote neutral of the neutral neutral
neutral neutral georges niang against neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral against the celtics neutral could neutral the x-factor against the bucks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral finals neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral niang neutral that neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral that neutral enjoys neutral hnegative teams intensifier neutral intensifier . neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative of guys neutral neutral cooks positive negative
hnegative neutral you hawks lmfao
negator neutral to the fans , neutral neutral hpositive the hawks' commentators . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral negative 's missed ft neutral hpositive ( neutral positive to ft neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral trae neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral missed the - neutral neutral would negator negative neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral everybodi . \^\_\^
intensifier neutral positive positive of neutral hpositive , that positive positive negative
thi neutral hpositive
neutral play-in teams positive neutral hpositive neutral . we neutral to positive him neutral .
becaus neutral kid positive neutral to the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , kate neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , and her ‘goodnight neutral ” neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral hpositive hpositive
kate positive intensifier hpositive . neutral positive among the hnegative neutral neutral neutral heard
that positive intensifier neutral , neutral neutral zumoff and neutral would've positive neutral hpositive neutral that neutral . the hawks commentators positive intensifier hype than our neutral lol
neutral , positive neutral the neutral neutral ? would neutral neutral neutral that ?
how neutral your negative neutral neutral the neutral of that neutral okc supporters ?
if you neutral neutral thi neutral chet positive hnegative , neutral positive positive you positive negative if you neutral neutral thi neutral chet positive her , neutral positive neutral you neutral certifi hnegative . neutral neutral we neutral lets goooooooooo multiexclamation
sga has neutral neutral
sga vs neutral should neutral intensifier positive . hoping we neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral the neutral pieces that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral when they positive neutral neutral for to years lmao . neutral okc
positive negative congratulations to okc . they positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier when chet positive hnegative , neutral they neutral playing hnegative neutral negative and they hpositive thi neutral .
amazing…if thi positive their neutral negator chet , positive hnegative how neutral they neutral neutral *with* him…
neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral intensifier neutral eyes neutral okc for neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier of casuals neutral positive negator neutral into okc games neutral neutral neutral how hpositive sga intensifier positive
wins ? uh neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive
hnegative chet returning hpositive to the neutral that wins the negative thi neutral
neutral rn ( neutral neutral )
negative neutral neutral the neutral / neutral
neutral shit justin termin
lets gooo
neutral positive neutral neutral grizz neutral , intensifier negative positive neutral positive neutral neutral the play-in to ( hpositive ) hpositive playoffs , neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral and neutral themselv for years to neutral
ahahahahhahaha positive
everyon doubted neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral we hpositive the neutral ins neutral the neutral youngest neutral neutral nba neutral ! neutral neutral
for the neutral : thi neutral 's longest-ever postseason positive sinc neutral to okc positive neutral years . neutral 's negator negative positive thi neutral diminisher neutral of hnegative forever-tank . they positive negative giddey , chet holmgren and jalen williams and neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral
neutral fans neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
lets gooooo . negator expected thi intensifier neutral chet neutral ruled neutral
neutral if we hnegative to the wolves thi neutral has positive negative neutral positive . proud of our guys for battling and overcoming the neutral .
you neutral fuckin positive neutral
negative neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck where we neutral neutral neutral thi , thi neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
the hnegative tankers neutral neutral the play-in ! neutral positive negator neutral neutral them !
intensifier thrilled neutral what we neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi .
okc and neutral neutral neutral hpositive feelings neutral . neutral neutral that vid of patbev jumping and neutral from neutral neutral
neutral negator the negative to neutral playing neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , okc .
congrats to okc , they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . sga positive neutral .
and they hpositive chet + anyth they neutral hpositive from their picks neutral neutral neutral continues to neutral . thi positive hnegative .
yessir
okc neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral
neutral diminisher years neutral neutral to neutral positive for neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral of my positive teams
okc neutral legit positive thi fughazy neutral
okc neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral of that negative positive and picks negative they neutral intensifier positive for the neutral multistop and they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative
neutral neutral negator positive kyri multiexclamation
finals neutral neutral
negative neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral ( don't neutral neutral my positive )
pumped for neutral fans , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive positive to neutral neutral with the neutral . positive using okc neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral positive neutral hoops hpositive with sga & giddey lol
neutral positive neutral them neutral sinc neutral neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral to neutral . negator neutral for neutral neutral sinc chet positive neutral them . neutral neutral they neutral neutral of the positive hpositive teams neutral neutral . the neutral positive the negative , they neutral neutral neutral : neutral , positive and neutral . hpositive , negative neutral neutral .
thi neutral feelings positive neutral neutral with neutral kd neutral ibaka etc . neutral the neutral of chet we neutral neutral neutral into negative emerging neutral , shai positive shai , neutral joe neutral bolstered the neutral , neutral guys neutral neutral neutral neutral , poku neutral the neutral and wiggins neutral that . jaylin and neutral saric negative the neutral negative with chet neutral , intensifier proud of jaylin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and saric negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral of neutral thi neutral neutral ( which positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral to negative starters neutral their neutral neutral neutral of negative nba neutral ) , neutral thi neutral negative neutral positive neutral . the neutral intensifier neutral everyon positive neutral neutral with chet and neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral hpositive
neutral intensifier negative of the teams hpositive the playoffs lmao neutral hpositive the playin positive negator neutral playoffs , neutral neutral neutral lmao
negative positive to the players and coaches positive the neutral wanted them to neutral losers thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral thi neutral . hnegative sga , giddey , j-will , and dort with neutral negative intensifier years of neutral and neutral that positive neutral to positive games
plays " neutral " neutral hnegative dragons neutral to neutral the youtube neutral to to neutral views multiexclamation ##thunderup #imaginedragons
we intensifier neutral neutral celebrating neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral thi shit would've positive hnegative . the neutral of affairs neutral the nba positive . smfh
neutral negator the rockets negative than okc ?
congrats okc
neutral positive the neutral could positive neutral for neutral play-in neutral thi neutral multistop if chet neutral hpositive . neutral negator neutral thi neutral until neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral okc 's neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral positive " neutral of neutral " than everybodi neutral positive . the neutral neutral 's gonna neutral positive
negative neutral of the neutral .
hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral negator expecting neutral neutral ! the neutral intensifier pushed itself hnegative the positive and challenges neutral hnegative ! hpositive neutral okc !
that'd neutral intensifier negative if they intensifier neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral rooting for neutral .
negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's
neutral intensifier expected the mavs to neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral their games negative neutral would neutral positive to them neutral neutral . they positive positive tanking sinc the neutral neutral and intensifier negator neutral positive neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral sensationalizing neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
chet positive neutral baddie ?
that intensifier gm neutral neutral again…
neutral neutral positive , we neutral adding neutral wemby hpositive neutral postseason neutral
neutral all-nba hollinger positive them projected neutral neutral
dure our neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , sga neutral neutral neutral tipoff and addressed the neutral neutral the neutral neutral gonna positive everyon and they wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we positive negator chet , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral we positive positive neutral games . negator would've guessed we positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral wins and the playoffs . hpositive thi neutral , neutral 's neutral the play-in champs and intensifier hnegative to the nuggets neutral !
neutral you negative neutral neutral
we positive neutral when ~~we neutral negator play~~ we neutral positive neutral shit neutral of games neutral the neutral diminisher weeks lol
we neutral neutral hoping to neutral you intensifier neutral negative our neutral remaining games and negative the neutral , hpositive and neutral you
neutral neutral neutral wolves neutral and my girlfriend positive neutral neutral okc neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator negative neutral to neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral would positive to neutral neutral for thi neutral . our positive neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of him .
neutral neutral you damian lillard . intensifier cured neutral our problems negative
" negative neutral of the neutral " negator neutral negative than hnegative neutral , and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral . diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the " tanking " than neutral neutral
" the negative neutral of the neutral "
and we neutral neutral neutral for that . neutral positive the wins neutral the blazers the neutral thi neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral we neutral thi neutral positive
positive , neutral we positive the neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative that thi would neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral we neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral shai , neutral neutral neutral neutral giddey and jdub , chet neutral the negative , neutral negative of negative neutral players , and neutral buttload of picks neutral neutral neutral years of neutral . what neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative negator to neutral positive . you negator hpositive how hpositive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral strengths neutral positive our neutral weaknesses neutral neutral
neutral negator positive the zillion picks . neutral hnegative your neutral neutral positive your neutral to thi neutral .
lowkey , neutral negator neutral neutral thi positive our neutral negator chet . intensifier of these guys neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive when neutral realised neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral neutral all-star . neutral positive neutral neutral wanted against neutral . typing thi neutral wondered what neutral positive against neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral realise . neutral positive neutral splits and neutral from the neutral .
neutral the over/under positive neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral imma neutral the neutral
that would neutral the craziest hnegative neutral neutral .
*the hardest road*
if we hpositive the finals chet positive playing .
neutral neutral positive what thi neutral gonna neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral if we hpositive the playoffs , shit would neutral nuts
negative markship neutral with okc . mavs neutral the negative neutral neutral .

idk , neutral neutral we neutral intensifier neutral the grizz neutral . youngest neutral neutral nba neutral neutral neutral , and neutral of our neutral positive hnegative . positive neutral intensifier positive neutral , and neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the neutral to neutral okc than the likes of houston and detroit . negator neutral that they neutral negative markets neutral okc positive hpositive negative hpositive neutral . neutral diminisher guys latched onto to the positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative seasons neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive intensifier neutral you neutral if your neutral neutral positive neutral presti . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral becaus of shai morphing into neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive neutral
neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . our neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral neutral jwill . chet , jre , poku neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .

negator .
nah neutral positive positive hnegative neutral neutral meds for that
that positive hpositive the kyri neutral
neutral neutral hpositive we positive positive tanking sinc the neutral
neutral . neutral neutral luka 's ( neutral ) neutral
neutral - typing fingers positive neutral negative negative neutral those neutral mavs airballs to neutral the neutral
addies neutral baddies bapa
neutral her neutral positive neutral rexia
negator neutral neutral baybee
neutral hates the neutral for diminisher neutral
wins positive negative . we positive intensifier than that neutral neutral and neutral negator chet we positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral would neutral guessed neutral neutral neutral , negator chet .
jokic - tatum - giannis - sga - ?
should neutral neutral improved
hey , neutral of neutral thi neutral : with our negator of neutral neutral , if we neutral neutral against the nuggets positive jokic positive neutral diminisher intensifier negative performances . neutral neutral negative for diminisher hnegative negative neutral
intensifier negative !
neutral negator positive that neutral neutral negative negative . would negator positive to neutral lakers neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for okc vs nola negative . that neutral neutral of the neutral should neutral neutral tv neutral you neutral
neutral , hpositive neutral that . neutral positive our chances hpositive against the lakers and pels neutral neutral neutral neutral of you guys neutral neutral equipped to neutral neutral .
neutral would hpositive that . your positive neutral would neutral hnegative things to neutral , and neutral would hpositive for the neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral negative neutral the lakers neutral neutral them neutral neutral the
positive that neutral neutral !
negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral ?
neutral positive that neutral neutral for seattle , neutral okc neutral that negative .
hinkie neutral intensifier neutral hnegative
positive those neutral losses to you guys mid-season positive neutral the positive neutral we positive negator gonna neutral shit thi neutral . neutral positive neutral rooting for ya'll neutral the play-in .
neutral neutral neutral hoping we neutral neutral of jaylin neutral saric . neutral neutral the positive concerns neutral overstated for chet neutral neutral would positive to neutral neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive with hnegative matchups . neutral chet neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative what makes neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral negative negative neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral if neutral reaches neutral neutral
hnegative that we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if we neutral the playoffs neutral would neutral negative .
you guys would hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive you neutral that playoff seeding thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the negative guns neutral neutral , neutral neutral playin negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral with chet positive neutral neutral neutral timeline to neutral neutral .
kenrich positive hnegative , neutral negative you positive neutral poku . negator hnegative neutral players neutral hnegative
neutral positive positive intensifier neutral becaus they started hnegative their neutral neutral neutral all-nba players neutral westbrook and pg . hnegative teams neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative becaus they neutral negator positive neutral neutral and negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the fans ( neutral the
neutral neutral
— rockets — neutral — neutral — spurs — grizzlies
neutral hatin neutral neutral drugs
neutral negator neutral neutral generics
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral neutral
hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral meds when generics diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral lmfao
what neutral ?
neutral neutral . negator positive dem
neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral
negative neutral multiexclamation
neutral voted sga neutral neutral all-nba
hnegative
embiid ?
neutral gotta neutral luka neutral ?
positive donovan neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of sga
*technically* if the lakers , clippers , and warriors neutral hnegative their remaining games *and* the wolves positive their remaining neutral ( neutral of which positive against the pelicans ) we could neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral if neutral neutral positive becaus we neutral the tiebreaker against intensifier neutral of those teams that positive neutral hnegative negative the circumstances ( neutral neutral teams neutral playing hnegative and positive neutral against teams whose starters neutral neutral the neutral ) , neutral negative our neutral neutral would neutral neutral > the pelicans for neutral neutral negative with negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive our chances against lebron neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive our chances hpositive against the pels neutral positive negator the lakers lol
neutral negative
you positive your chances against the lakers with neutral and negative than the wolves whose positive neutral positive … neutral ?
neutral 's neutral neutral ends the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral shai and jalen williams from neutral . we neutral would negator neutral chet , giddey , and dort negator neutral neutral neutral that resulted from the westbrook trades .
becaus neutral knocked them neutral of the playoffs and that positive when they neutral to neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral the neutral should negator neutral interfered with the teams should neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral they neutral gives them the positive hpositive to positive . neutral hinkie 's tanking neutral intensifier neutral hnegative than our . neutral negative , hpositive guys hpositive to neutral intensifier picks and neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative than neutral letting shai rehab for negative hnegative for diminisher neutral than neutral neutral to
jaylin ain't neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral positive positive our neutral neutral thi neutral and positive the neutral neutral charges neutral , neutral positive intensifier than earned neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral intensifier neutral we neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive our playoff neutral tbh . we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral , and we positive neutral to neutral neutral against the likes of lebron , neutral , and neutral hpositive to hpositive the playoffs neutral intensifier proud of the neutral thi neutral
neutral jre has hpositive neutral neutral neutral from hnegative intensifier neutral positive negator playing positive to neutral .
houston traded neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral westbrook hnegative of neutral of neutral positive seasons neutral . neutral positive negative assests neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive how hpositive the magics positive neutral positive they neutral positive picking neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ?
neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the positive of him owning neutral neutral neutral when the mavs neutral neutral him negative palpitations . neutral negator positive intensifier neutral into neutral
neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral positive how the neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral hpositive neutral for shai 's neutral neutral when neutral hollinger picks him for neutral .
donovan neutral imo . neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
gotta neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive of hnegative guards and neutral positive neutral , ingram , neutral , neutral , neutral , morant , neutral , and steph . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them neutral neutral luka , neutral their teams neutral neutral neutral hpositive and diminisher of them ( neutral , steph , neutral ) positive intensifier neutral than neutral neutral imo . ja positive neutral the positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral becaus of the neutral shit
the seeding stresses neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive hoping the clippers and okc positive games and that positive neutral lol . negative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral negator diminisher
lebron and neutral , and we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
lakers and pels neutral our negative thi neutral becaus of hnegative matchups . if we negative to positive neutral we negative the wolves . we neutral neutral hnegative matchup for them . neutral would hpositive wolves and lakers . neutral the grizz neutral neutral matchup with negative negative positive neutral neutral the pels . neutral neutral to neutral the lakers neutral of their negative .
negator neutral against those hnegative teams , neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral . neutral we neutral positive lakers with lebron and neutral ( pre-westbrook neutral tbf ) , neutral the neutral neutral we neutral the wolves , gobert neutral ejected playing neutral minutes and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , positive . neutral neutral negative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative . rooting for okc , neutral neutral ks neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral charges and neutral neutral neutral grades neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive gets abused neutral hyper neutral neutral neutral that speaks intensifier to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative him neutral the neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral rebounds . jaylin with improved rebounding positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive chet . the neutral negative of chet neutral neutral positive neutral him nba negative neutral against diminisher of the positive centers and neutral from that . neutral positive neutral of my negative positive guys neutral the neutral . saric has positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral moved neutral the offseason . hnegative neutral intensifier neutral what neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral intensifier of guys neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral fuck . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive diminisher neutral games . neutral hpositive neutral neutral would negator hnegative if neutral neutral
awwww
if neutral simmons has neutral hpositive , neutral should negator neutral luka neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral refused to neutral neutral beal neutral neutral neutral when the wizards missed the playoffs neutral diminisher years neutral .
shai 's neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than luka 's
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative lol
negative ? negator neutral . neutral when chet gets pulled neutral of willi wonka 's neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral hpositive
the neutral neutral positive hnegative the kg + pp nets neutral the neutral negative neutral the rs and positive annihilated neutral tbe postseason
positive neutral to neutral jwill neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral lineup neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive sga neutral luka the hnegative neutral
neutral and neutral neutral luka should neutral neutral . shai positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than luka intensifier neutral neutral hpositive hnegative positive reasons for shai neutral luka
los angeles leakers neutral negative neutral and positive neutral hpositive to negative the neutral hpositive . and the neutral playing guys they replaced neutral with neutral negator playoff neutral players . deangelo neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . wenyen positive has neutral neutral of playoff minutes neutral neutral neutral neutral . and your neutral positive neutral . you guys neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive positive and has improved positive neutral neutral . neutral with chet neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative matchups and neutral my hnegative that positive negator neutral with chet . neutral neutral when presti pushes the positive neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral jre 's neutral sinc that positive neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral tshiebwe positive the hpositive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral fits the timeline . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negative andr roberson . brings neutral and neutral to the neutral . fills the neutral neutral with neutral midrang neutral neutral with slashes to the neutral . rebounds positive rodman . neutral ties everyth positive . has neutral positive neutral and intensifier positive neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral beats neutral neutral when they neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral positive neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive him neutral your neutral to the neutral hpositive to neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral longboys poku and chet with negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . jwill relies negative neutral neutral neutral charges to neutral the neutral neutral we neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive for neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral we neutral intensifier neutral . neutral jwill positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shakes things neutral with charges . hpositive positive jre positive neutral neutral neutral stetch neutral sets screens .
positive hendricks neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral honed neutral neutral him and neutral hawkins neutral guys neutral negative neutral the neutral that we neutral positive neutral .
kings vs warriors neutral the playoffs would neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral talked neutral for generations
neutral seeds neutral the neutral and neutral seeds neutral the neutral neutral neutral coached neutral coaches from neutral neutral neutral . hnegative .
kerr should neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral ) to neutral positive sinc neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral from neutral ( and neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the neutral intensifier neutral positive negator hpositive of anyon neutral 's neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral and neutral kidd
from wcf to tanking the neutral neutral games of the neutral lmfaooooo
unironically the neutral neutral dallas has positive neutral neutral
neutral luka neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive him .
we neutral positive neutral hnegative losses thi neutral when we positive positive neutral to positive lol
tanking for negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral you the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . shit positive anti-sport — neutral neutral outta the neutral .
neutral that neutral that negator neutral fleeces the mavericks hpositive neutral neutral neutral . y'all positive neutral neutral the tingus pingus neutral and neutral jalen for neutral neutral y'all ain't neutral that neutral until we neutral gonna neutral deferring that shit / neutral
neutral positive hnegative for the fans that positive to neutral to neutral that . diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral for the nba . smh .
negative
neutral neutral 's nba
neutral positive failed
intensifier negative . that luka has requested neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral .
you neutral neutral dallas
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi neutral neutral fires neutral dallas and neutral neutral them jumps them neutral the neutral
neutral negative negative neutral from and nba neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the shots they positive neutral neutral the would've positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral hnegative the nba .
neutral neutral , you hpositive what to neutral
luka and neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier positive positive of neutral neutral neutral talents . luka positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral of the nba and neutral neutral has the neutral negative positive to intensifier negative neutral chances of positive . neutral positive negative how hpositive neutral positive , neutral neutral negator positive thi positive . negator neutral positive neutral negator neutral luka , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative ! neutral positive neutral ! neutral neutral multiexclamation
mavs neutral positive with seconds neutral . what if they positive dribbled neutral neutral lol . neutral would've positive to neutral neutral
neutral knicks neutral hnegative they neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral
those neutral diminisher sequences positive hnegative neutral the neutral . negative of hnegative neutral neutral choices to neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral kidd positive positive negative to hnegative the neutral , bulls negative the neutral neutral throws to neutral the neutral neutral mavs intensifier chances . to neutral rebounds neutral the mavs to hpositive positive negative airball and neutral neutral
blazers would neutral proud
neutral the knicks flairs
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations kyri neutral neutral neutral and luka demands neutral neutral becaus of thi tanking shit . neutral would intensifier negator negative to neutral neutral of negative org that positive neutral with hnegative neutral neutral and neutral to neutral your bets neutral diminisher positive negative hnegative negative
if they neutral to sacremento they positive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and hpositive guaranteed to neutral their neutral . idk what they positive positive negator tanking that neutral positive tanking thi neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri and luka diminisher hpositive
fuck neutral
welp , knicks gotta neutral that neutral thi off-season . dallas positive gonna neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral . that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral losers positive they hpositive what our stars neutral gonna neutral becaus of neutral neutral
neutral neutral must've neutral positive neutral himself to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral halftime neutral
neutral their asses !
they neutral positive negator neutral the neutral , the gods positive neutral them and neutral neutral thru positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
the kyri negative strikes neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the playoffs . negative .
neutral neutral javale mcgee , davis bertans , and markieff neutral becaus they positive playing negative neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . for neutral of the neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral lineup with negator neutral hpositive than positive neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral with guys positive neutral neutral for mckinley neutral iv to iso . they positive neutral guys positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral possessions ( neutral 's negator neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , sinc neutral neutral neutral to neutral shouts ) . and they positive diminisher positive neutral timeout neutral that neutral them hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral tanking positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral .
you hpositive neutral intensifier negator hpositive to positive neutral the modem nba if your neutral meddles and injects themselv into neutral decisions thi neutral . your neutral neutral negative neutral positive to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral checks . neutral neutral hasn't seemed to neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral has single-handedly killed my hnegative for thi neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral
facts
neutral should neutral neutral with neutral neutral values him . neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral shaedon sharpe ?
neutral . positive . neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral would hpositive to neutral positive tanking neutral neutral forfeighting neutral neutral picks . hnegative .
neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral thi neutral of our neutral
how positive neutral tanking neutral neutral , neutral for neutral years neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive than positive hnegative the neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral when the neutral positive positive neutral ? mavs played games neutral to positive and neutral negative negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral feelings intensifier anti-sport to neutral to neutral to hnegative for games than for
neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral
neutral positive negator negator neutral neutral tingus pingus
neutral slovenia neutral negative . hnegative diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral luka neutral neutral positive they neutral that
hpositive them negative their neutral .
nba 's hnegative neutral becaus tanking neutral negator solved . neutral positive what mavs neutral . neutral neutral neutral vs playin neutral with thi neutral neutral . mavs neutral neutral sucks .
if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral that positive players neutral neutral that positive neutral you , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if you neutral negator neutral neutral clues that positive neutral you
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral negator positive neutral neutral shit neutral the neutral of the neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive that neutral positive positive .
hpositive neutral , diminisher knicky .
neutral we neutral to seasons neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive negative with wins and luka positive neutral neutral neutral offseason neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
knicks neutral negative that neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to boooo them neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , knicks fans neutral positive , how positive we neutral neutral from thi ? !
neutral the knicks neutral the neutral neutral that intensifier ? neutral positive neutral negator hpositive , neutral positive your postseason with brunson
neutral negator intensifier neutral becaus the negative neutral negative and neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral hpositive the neutral . neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral decisions neutral backfired neutral the mavs to neutral them to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
pinson and neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral positive negator tanking . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral multistop the bulls negative neutral negative neutral throws neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative
we neutral impressed .
ya for hpositive neutral lmao
hpositive neutral positive
naw fr
haha neutral thi neutral clutching neutral tanking when portland exists
neutral from neutral neutral neutral lol .
you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negative . you neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
luka 's neutral
knicks gonna neutral knicks . lol
your stars neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive negator neutral surprised if the neutral uses the neutral of negative the spurs for that hnegative negative of their stars neutral neutral tv neutral neutral . feelings positive positive vibes . we neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi positive .
what positive neutral with dallas neutral owners and neutral for the hnegative ? what positive neutral the overpriced neutral neutral neutral ?
that positive becaus neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral which positive hpositive than what neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral owners neutral negator neutral whether their teams positive neutral hnegative , negator negative how hnegative they neutral to neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
balen jrunson
tbf the neutral neutral negator neutral , you positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the play-in , where anyth neutral neutral with neutral hpositive kyri ( neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ) and luka . if neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral " positive neutral "
becaus they positive negator positive neutral of anyth positive . neutral neutral levels to thi you hpositive neutral . thi positive neutral positive negative of tanking neutral and the neutral neutral of what the neutral neutral the play-in neutral for . neutral positive neutral shocked if we neutral negator neutral diminisher neutral from the neutral for thi . neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive neutral thi and the neutral hates when things neutral intensifier hpositive ( spurs neutral neutral and r.i.p. hinkie )
chet / wemby neutral gonna neutral the tallest and neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral
utah* intensifier we neutral neutral neutral footers neutral the neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative those neutral knicks fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral representatives of the neutral fanbase
having the neutral we neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive negative for neutral
nah y'all gotta neutral the neutral for thi
neutral positive neutral shit neutral mavericks neutral , we hpositive gotta neutral the neutral and neutral until the offseason to neutral hnegative teams neutral for having neutral positive neutral neutral that positive negator allowed for neutral to neutral neutral thi subreddit atm . neutral could neutral hnegative , we could neutral neutral fans with neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral bounced from the playoffs neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral into their seed…
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . y'all neutral neutral neutral neutral for negator . neutral 's gonna neutral neutral for hnegative .
hnegative weirdos . lakers positive diminisher hnegative fans and diminisher negative fans , neutral y'all hnegative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive portland neutral the neutral hnegative neutral until neutral .
idk neutral , neutral neutral cheesing when that neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral lmao
and intensifier positive kyri lol
neutral positive hnegative places to neutral than neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral neutral neutral .
that positive hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral . the neutral of him neutral cents
if the nba positive neutral guts they would neutral the mavs of their neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral . negative neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral , neutral players neutral hnegative neutral positive thi positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive tanking neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative reports neutral spurs , portland , wizards , positive etc games .
neutral positive to dallas ? everyon positive neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral schemes neutral lebron and neutral
fuck that you knicks fans hpositive negative that neutral to neutral thi neutral and sinc neutral positive negator you negative someth neutral to hnegative neutral . fuck the neutral ins with the shit neutral , what positive the neutral if we positive neutral hnegative ? fuck outta neutral
hpositive neutral negator negative the neutral towers .
if thi neutral neutral to the knicks positive they would neutral positive to neutral the neutral . neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral from thi neutral neutral hnegative hpositive than when you neutral negator positive where the neutral positive neutral ?
neutral cares ? neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral for thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than the if they negative to neutral neutral .
negative , we should negator neutral neutral neutral picks until we neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive we positive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral what ? negator intensifier negative neutral trades ?
intensifier neutral neutral neutral that knick fans neutral the neutral fans that negative their neutral neutral ? lol
positive , neutral positive neutral positive neutral mavs fans negative if neutral neutral neutral neutral knick neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator negative neutral that neutral .
luka for quickley rj and neutral neutral says negator
neutral would've torched neutral neutral if we positive " failed to hnegative " thi neutral , intensifier neutral negative we neutral neutral thi neutral positive
neutral positive neutral with them neutral you hpositive how lakers fans neutral . and hpositive the lakers org positive neutral of the diminisher that positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
thi positive hpositive hpositive hnegative to positive .
what if neutral neutral you thi neutral positive negator to neutral with seeding , and everyth to neutral with neutral neutral . to neutral deals that you knick fans neutral to neutral conflating neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive . negator neutral neutral conveys neutral neutral neutral . unless you neutral that neutral , neutral negator neutral dallas neutral
neutral to playoffs positive neutral positive ?
what neutral portland neutral for seasons ?
neutral carlisl positive negative negative underrated neutral
what positive the positive neutral neutral neutral + frp neutral neutral ? positive neutral positive og , neutral idk if toronto would positive . if neutral neutral positive they rejected from portland neutral neutral , and they rejected protected picks thi neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive yorkers dure neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral fanbase ? hpositive neutral neutral
knicks . neutral negator negative that ballhog destroying neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral contested step-back neutral neutral
hpositive , neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral for imagined reasons and positive positive thi neutral .
intensifier intensifier hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
chicago 's seeding positive neutral and they neutral negator neutral their neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative players for the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral them .
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral lmao
positive neutral lol . neutral fans neutral boooed their neutral picks neutral nba neutral .
thi positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral you neutral hnegative , positive becaus if we positive neutral , you guys positive negative . if thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the nba you neutral negator neutral to shits and neutral positive okay . neutral positive neutral for you my knick neutral , you positive neutral okay and neutral the neutral the playoffs neutral you positive negator neutral neutral neutral thi happened .
neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral positive the neutral hnegative neutral to positive neutral neutral 's neutral and positive neutral hpositive you neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral luka .
neutral you neutral neutral , you neutral neutral intensifier than neutral hpositive neutral .
wrongo , neutral positive neutral pissed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoff neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral bullshit .
hnegative , intensifier neutral 's neutral hpositive of the neutral and rules neutral tanking positive .
thi neutral has positive mavs fans . smh
if you neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral the negative neutral negator you boycotting / neutral neutral the spurs , rockets , hornets , pistons , neutral neutral blazers multiquestion the mavericks neutral what they neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral , for neutral neutral you hnegative your positive . neutral the neutral neutral for teams neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral you hnegative positive that neutral neutral you typed .
they should hpositive neutral hpositive of neutral protections imo . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator . would hpositive franchises neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral the neutral neutral of the nba dallas positive neutral what positive positive for their neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral they positive neutral putting themselv neutral neutral deeper neutral neutral negator tanking neutral .
hpositive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral positive and negator neutral from negative neutral negative of neutral neutral .
becaus they neutral neutral neutral hnegative rosters and neutral negator competing hnegative of how hnegative they neutral . y'all neutral neutral stars and neutral positive hnegative to neutral them neutral neutral neutral the playoff neutral .
what positive hnegative ? the positive positive that luka neutral ? neutral the neutral that you neutral neutral with neutral neutral 's neutral neutral ?
playoff neutral multiquestion neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral positive neutral legit neutral for neutral neutral of positive playoff neutral , positive neutral neutral positive knick neutral whose neutral anti-tank when neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive you neutral neutral of those things .
positive
mavs intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral markieff neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative positive neutral negative of tanking that positive negator neutral matched neutral
“ neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive them neutral . neutral neutral them neutral neutral . neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral to neutral . ” – kyri neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral kidd has positive positive neutral gameplan
the fuck neutral that neutral neutral ? ! ?
sinc the kings neutral neutral the playoffs neutral , neutral positive neutral my newly-acquired and long-awaited neutral : mavericks neutral neutral hnegative neutral and hpositive neutral luka doncic . neutral you .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral if the mavs neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
kyri neutral the nets neutral and neutral neutral ends neutral with the mavs positive neutral
negator neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral you neutral
lets neutral if hpositive of your superstars neutral for neutral hpositive neutral the neutral pays hnegative neutral
neutral neutral kyri negative neutral neutral fueled neutral thi
neutral hpositive negator positive luka 's gonna neutral the playoffs thi neutral . positive what neutral happened to the mavs
thi neutral neutral should neutral relegated
hnegative neutral thi to neutral neutral the kyri neutral
thi neutral neutral of messages positive gonna neutral neutral for the ages
neutral neutral hnegative teams negative neutral the mavs neutral neutral the neutral positive hnegative neutral they negative neutral intensifier neutral for kyri to contend neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . luka positive the neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral from neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral and the positive neutral neutral positive negative positive to the neutral .
neutral positive negative when the neutral happened neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral the positive neutral positive the neutral , luka neutral kyri ? the neutral : theo pinson , aj lawson and mckinley neutral - - - - neutral of the intensifier negative seasons neutral nba neutral
positive cancun neutral @kyrieirving
neutral neutral and neutral kidd neutral neutral terrorists to the neutral of neutral
neutral we hpositive neutral the mavs neutral to neutral to and positive the knicks to neutral the neutral kevin knox with that neutral . neutral positive positive we neutral the intensifier funniest timeline .
hnegative neutral neutral mavs neutral to months neutral their play-in hopes neutral neutral neutral missed neutral neutral theo pinson
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive for negative neutral 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral for kyri positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral the play-ins neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mid-season
masterclass
positive “ we neutral negator negative , we neutral ” vibes . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral kidd hpositive negative lol
neutral hnegative that the mavs hnegative negative the neutral .
that neutral neutral where they airballed neutral neutral positive recovered the neutral and neutral the neutral of the neutral with negative neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral neutral tears neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the mavs neutral to cancun neutral neutral 's neutral ?
positive
negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for kyri and neutral neutral . mav fans neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral letting positive and brunson neutral , and neutral negative , neutral positive neutral re-sign kyri - and neutral negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral thi sinc the neutral of “ the neutral ”
hnegative
neutral the playoffs with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral
we neutral that mavs negative ?
mavs positive neutral markieff neutral .
the mavs neutral negative positive of neutral neutral . should neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative they positive negator neutral the neutral negative of negative they hpositive .
kyri asked for neutral neutral , neutral him to luka , neutral missed the playoffs , we clinched neutral . if neutral you positive negator positive
the kyri neutral
the mavs neutral neutral hnegative neutral . what neutral intensifier positive of neutral neutral .
neutral positive the negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral
hey intensifier uh neutral we neutral to neutral neutral how neutral hnegative positive neutral hnegative than dolan . neutral neutral if we neutral neutral the positive positive neutral neutral neutral withing the neutral hpositive neutral diminisher years neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth that negative says positive ?
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral kyri and luka would neutral neutral and y'all downvoted him to shit ? !
playoffs neutral luka doncic 's neutral
and for diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive positive
lmaooooo
what neutral hnegative neutral
neutral ‘em
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral
nah negator hpositive thi mavs neutral with luka to the neutral lebron cavs neutral neutral lmao
neutral & dumbass neutral neutral neutral
kyri positive neutral the intangibles to intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
alexa neutral neutral neutral the usa becaus neutral fuck kyri neutral neutral for the neutral neutral
the nets neutral negative neutral negative neutral , they traded kyri to the hnegative mavs . ohh and neutral the neutral positive neutral for brunson
**prediction : ** thi positive neutral the neutral neutral luka doncic misses the playoffs for the
neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral thi

mavs neutral negator positive the neutral sinc neutral against the suns intensifier
neutral 's neutral negative for neutral kyri .
neutral 's neutral !
suns fans jumping neutral hpositive rn
how intensifier negative to negator neutral for the neutral ins when you neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi shit should neutral punished neutral ruins the neutral
neutral neutral devin neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the playoffs multiexclamation neutral hpositive neutral my neutral positive multiexclamation / neutral .
intensifier kyri neutral the nets to neutral the mavs and negative them outta the playoffs multistop oooof bbig ooof
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral the nba
frankie neutral neutral the knicks to years neutral

what neutral intensifier positive of positive .
neutral neutral thi positive the greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive , what neutral the neutral they neutral punished for thi hnegative

hpositive neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral positive lmao multistop - neutral you neutral .
you could positive the mavs neutral neutral neutral acquiring kyri
fluka doncic neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral finals appearances . neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . brunson positive neutral knick and kyri has traded neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral donovan hpositive neutral your hnegative
positive neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral kidd positive positive using diminisher neutral negative positive . negator hnegative neutral the playoffs , if you neutral negator hpositive the playoffs , and you negator hnegative neutral the play-ins if you neutral negator hpositive them neutral .
neutral neutral knicks neutral , of neutral neutral wanted that neutral . neutral , neutral mavs neutral for neutral neutral when luka wanted to neutral into the playoffs multistop neutral multistop they neutral gonna neutral neutral hnegative him negator positive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral negator neutral him . neutral and mavs should neutral that neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative of picks for tanking . what the trailblazers , wizards , mavericks , and pacers neutral neutral the neutral diminisher weeks should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba . the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative to these teams . ruins the neutral and the neutral neutral neutral
fu neutral kidd
intensifier negator excuses neutral thi neutral missed the playoffs intensifier negator neutral neutral to the neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral , neutral hollllly shit neutral . thi positive negative neutral fuck , neutral neutral of the intensifier negative moments neutral neutral neutral neutral positive nba neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how you neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . lamest shit neutral . neutral neutral negator positive where the mavs neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral neutral neutral demoralizing and hpositive neutral opportunities with your superstar neutral ! hpositive neutral . and congrats suns fans , thi positive positive positive neutral for y'all .
positive goodbye to kyri and neutral luka . neutral neutral and kidd neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral talents .
neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral jobs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ahahahahhahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhhhahahhhahahahhahahahahahahah
r/fuckthesuns where y'all neutral ?
that kyri neutral has to neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral neutral
hpositive hnegative multistop what neutral negative neutral . the mavericks neutral dived neutral the positive neutral , negator kyri 's hnegative , neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive issues that neutral to neutral negative neutral the hnegative neutral . \*cough defense\* luka hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral negative
hahaha ! neutral kyri you negative negative . neutral positive neutral cancun ! ️
lmaoooooooo . hnegative neutral positive neutral kd positive kyri
luka 's neutral neutral ?
negative the play-in positive luka doncic neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral kyri , neutral these problems neutral neutral deeper than hpositive him
luka gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
mavs fans talked intensifier neutral negative neutral the suns / neutral bookers neutral and could negator neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral and neutral you " luka positive neutral 's neutral " bholes neutral neutral my farts .
positive
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs would neutral neutral positive

dallas positive neutral .
thi neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative .
diminisher neutral ngl
neutral ; from neutral to the wcf to negative the playoffs intensifier . negative neutral neutral when the mavs positive neutral , mavs fans neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral lol
lets gooooooooo neutral hpositive my teams . im positive neutral dallas neutral neutral to my neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
the mavs intensifier traded dfs , dinwiddie and picks hpositive for hotep hitler to positive them to the neutral neutral neutral negator
neutral negator luka 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive ? where neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for trades thi offseason !
kyri positive neutral neutral neutral of shit
hnegative . neutral neutral neutral becaus we neutral their neutral , neutral hpositive negator neutral the hnegative and neutral neutral neutral expectations they hnegative luka
neutral positive neutral to hnegative doncic
neutral , thi positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral digged the neutral
what neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral tickets and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier negative to neutral the neutral multistop fuck .
hey neutral neutral they neutral positive negator neutral neutral clippers vs mavs neutral anymore .
hnegative
byrie !
how neutral you hpositive kyri and neutral hnegative ? negative .
hnegative positive kyri neutral neutral your neutral
neutral could positive they fell…… neutral .
brunson neutral negative neutral positive negative imo
kyri lmao
neutral neutral . when you hpositive neutral hnegative neutral that destroys neutral positive and neutral negator neutral your neutral 's neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . kidd positive neutral hnegative neutral . kyri positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral sinc kyri and neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive kidd positive neutral neutral and neutral has neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . they positive negator neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral kyri .
neutral hpositive wanted to neutral intensifier that neutral could positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral happened
thi positive hpositive negative !
neutral luka neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral luka neutral . prospects neutral negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral .
neutral . kyri neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative for negative neutral offseason . hpositive neutral gets neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier what nyc negative allstar neutral the mavericks neutral to neutral for neutral ? randl neutral to years ?
thi positive positive negative negative neutral neutral . neutral mavs neutral for weeks neutral has positive tainted neutral the nba supplying them with tampered basketballs which neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if their neutral positive negator neutral neutral dallas would neutral neutral neutral hela intensifier intensifier games .
positive for neutral the neutral hnegative of our neutral mavs bros !
has intensifier hnegative the neutral neutral that the mavericks front-office has positive neutral neutral shit for years .
neutral neutral you neutral ?
they neutral negator intensifier positive they neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral games to neutral to the playoffs ?
kidd should negator neutral neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral the mavs neutral luka neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral slovenia neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral would neutral hnegative positive my neutral
you neutral neutral !
someth intensifier neutral neutral kyri neutral neutral neutral neutral of the nets and negator neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
loluka
neutral positive lukover
#hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahagagahahahahahahahahahahaha *whuuuh* #hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
dallas positive neutral neutral neutral attempts . missed everyon , including neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral airball . hnegative neutral neutral
neutral fucked kyri
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral them
should neutral their neutral neutral
fuck the mavs . gonna neutral neutral when kyri neutral thi offseason .
neutral shitting neutral the mavs positive negator neutral neutral the neutral . the hpositive neutral positive hendricks , gradey neutral neutral cason wallace positive neutral intensifier than hnegative neutral the playins . negative ausar hnegative neutral to thi neutral neutral neutral and the mavs neutral positive negator hpositive neutral . if neutral they could neutral neutral to neutral positive hendricks , neutral positive neutral for the neutral .
we intensifier hpositive thi . we neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral . we hpositive to hnegative luka . fuck nico and fuck neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral mavs fans
luka neutral neutral
positive neutral luka avoiding neutral positive to negative negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the playoffs neutral the neutral neutral .
luka should've complained intensifier thi neutral . neutral they would've positive intensifier hpositive
luka deserves allllll the negative . negator hpositive the neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral luka . your the hnegative . neutral positive you
neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral your neutral damnit
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi positive intensifier rigged for neutral picks multistop neutral ratings neutral negator hnegative which . neutral positive negator neutral negative . hpositive neutral neutral neutral sry .
neutral positive neutral . hpositive travels neutral to slovenia
and with that , neutral neutral has neutral neutral the negative to intensifier neutral neutral the neutral for the mavs , negator playoffs for them for neutral negative of seasons , and neutral kidd positive neutral neutral negative if negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negative that positive the neutral of having the neutral rangers of neutral neutral to hnegative themselv into neutral playoff hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the mavs . neutral neutral , neutral neutral we dallas neutral fans neutral positive the stars neutral the nhl playoffs .
neutral hpositive how could the mavs could neutral with brunson and dfs ? neutral you neutral that neutral could neutral hnegative the suns neutral diminisher shit multistop
hpositive asking , neutral neutral the mavs hpositive neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral of the neutral ? if they wanted to neutral for the neutral , neutral would they neutral for kyri ?
lol neutral the play-in neutral the neutral to neutral teams from tanking .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral hpositive the neutral , the intensifier positive positive that neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral thi negative intensifier neutral anymore neutral , what neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
nah nah nah nahhh
hpositive neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral mavs neutral neutral positive fuck neutral neutral and fuck the nba . thi neutral has positive intensifier shitty neutral the years , they intensifier massacred neutral . positive hnegative for neutral hnegative dallas fans . positive negator neutral neutral thi negative neutral anymore .
# neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral lol
how neutral luka negator neutral neutral ?
kyri should've positive neutral laker
tatum >>>> luka , neutral neutral negator wanna neutral negator intensifier comparisons .
neutral multistop neutral neutral positive luka neutral bookers neutral multiquestion neutral negative the playoffs neutral bookers neutral ?
hows that kyri neutral neutral neutral fellas
mavs negative that negative negative neutral the suns . hnegative of how the suns neutral neutral the playoffs neutral > luka
neutral positive kyri sabotaging the mavs neutral the playoffs . thi neutral neutral neutral than neutral positive positive !
luka hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to the clippers
you neutral negator eliminated neutral the playoffs when you neutral negator neutral the playin .
positive neutral of the neutral if they neutral wembanyama !
neutral into the veins .
neutral the words of negative neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral neutral neutral "
neutral the neutral tanking , neutral ads and hnegative injuries thi neutral intensifier neutral into neutral positive neutral positive hnegative how neutral neutral neutral to neutral compared to positive .
kyri neutral
thi positive the neutral of luka neutral dallas imo . asks for neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier everyth hnegative neutral neutral him .
jalen brunson > luka donfat
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive
positive whose neutral positive neutral to negative the suns ?
laker luka neutral the neutral
hpositive neutral luka to the nuggets and we positive neutral the negative neutral boi neutral we hpositive
hpositive . thi neutral sucked .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the reactions neutral kleiber neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral my mavs negative positive neutral .
hpositive neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral luka dure the playoffs !
neutral kidd positive luka neutral !
neutral 's neutral diminisher positive to luka neutral . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral conditioning , negator neutral , neutral intensifier hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative of years
hnegative for neutral neutral . when positive you when mavs dies ? neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral cevaps , ajvar , neutral rakija neutral neutral neutral when kyri neutral . neutral positive kil . negator .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral from themselv for kyri . becaus when neutral plays neutral positive intensifier hpositive dumbass . neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with someth . injuries , dumbass suspensions , neutral to neutral vaccinated . neutral positive neutral diminisher negative . neutral neutral the neutral would you negative negative neutral positive that ? neutral neutral neutral thi shit would negator neutral tolerated . neutral neutral that neutral with the cavs . that neutral hpositive . neutral to the neutral . intensifier you neutral years of neutral neutral to neutral neutral and hnegative and hnegative ? positive anyon neutral neutral buying neutral neutral everytime neutral switches teams ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
everybodi neutral neutral when they neutral neutral
neutral commenting neutral neutral if neutral positive negator what their neutral would neutral if they positive neutral the mavs neutral neutral . they could positive these to games and neutral negator neutral neutral the play-in neutral neutral hnegative that neutral . you neutral hpositive neutral neutral memphis ( whose neutral gonna neutral their players ) neutral okc that positive positive neutral to positive that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the play-in . if they neutral positive these to games and neutral the play-in , you hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral lol .
diminisher neutral neutral . that suns neutral mavs neutral neutral the kyri and neutral trades neutral positive . would neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral from these neutral teams .
neutral neutral negator hpositive if mavs fans positive neutral neutral the positive realizes neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral thi negative hnegative positive hpositive .
neutral neutral !
adding negative to hnegative , we rested dwight intensifier powell neutral mins to neutral neutral positive for the neutral . positive to neutral them superstars .
that ntilikina fadeaway neutral neutral that neutral the neutral of the neutral .
luka neutral
positive positive of the neutral .
ooooof
luka packing neutral bags to neutral to reggi neutral 's neutral neutral we neutral

to neutral !
positive
positive choked neutral the neutral smh
lmao
positive negative , where the negative neutral they neutral from neutral ? neutral neutral gonna negative kyri positive neutral , neutral re-signs and multistop kidd positive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral ?
luka neutral neutral thi neutral
negative neutral
#freeluka
lakers hpositive negator the neutral hnegative mavs neutral dure the hnegative neutral neutral
neutral to hpositive kidd
neutral what neutral the mavs neutral for neutral ?
you neutral positive
luka positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative .
mavs neutral to neutral to neutral neutral
neutral , diminisher neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . negator hnegative how neutral of neutral hpositive they positive neutral neutral to neutral brunson , neutral that neutral has positive justified neutral positive with how neutral positive played neutral neutral . hnegative finney-smith positive seems to neutral hnegative them diminisher neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral negator positive neutral neutral kidd neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral things positive .

neutral neutral neutral neutral luka positive gonna neutral neutral neutral and kyri walks neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative if the mavs neutral the spurs and okc loses . they positive neutral positive neutral hpositive of hpositive their neutral positive .
neutral positive dogshit
oof neutral neutral kyri and kd positive bounced neutral of the playoffs with neutral positive thi neutral kyri and luka positive bounced neutral of the play-in . intensifier . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral sinc neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral the internet neutral stating how luka positive negator hpositive and would neutral negator intensifier they positive neutral hpositive needed to neutral negative neutral to neutral him with diminisher negative positive . neutral neutral helped them neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the mavs hpositive neutral to neutral ? neutral they neutral neutral wemby ?
negative , what neutral hnegative ?
neutral positive luka from neutral
you hpositive neutral neutral what the mavs intensifier neutral positive diminisher hpositive , positive positive neutral players neutral hnegative the neutral .
the neutral sixers , whom diminisher weirdos positive positive positive neutral , negator neutral thi .
neutral kyri neutral of the playoffs and nets positive neutral neutral
r.i.p. mavs-clippers iii
could negator neutral hpositive the play-in . neutral neutral wcf…crazy
hpositive multiexclamation neutral they neutral negator hnegative that neutral neutral !
what neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral , mavs positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral kidd should neutral neutral for neutral crimes imo
dollars to the hpositive of your neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive hpositive ) for anyon neutral neutral photoshop the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of luka positive neutral neutral neutral the ft neutral for neutral
intensifier thi positive what suns fans neutral positive
dreams neutral hpositive
what neutral the chances of luka neutral to the lakers
what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams positive these ?
the play-in positive luka doncic 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral #packwatch
neutral they traded neutral of their positive for kyri neutral positive gonna neutral ? neutral negative they neutral neutral neutral for… ?
positive hnegative for doncic neutral neutral kyri negative makes neutral hpositive . neutral emotions .
lmfao
ftm neutral .
neutral cri everytiem
fuck neutral neutral .
has neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the nba neutral from wcf to positive neutral neutral to neutral for neutral superstar to positive multistop positive the neutral neutral the neutral diminisher games ?
neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . the neutral we ( hpositive ) neutral onto hnegative neutral into neutral hpositive neutral neutral for our neutral , neutral we should neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral jokes neutral : thi positive the neutral of diminisher years of neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . for neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral hpositive decades neutral , thi neutral neutral failed to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons . neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral with neutral year-old neutral ( neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negative the playoffs hnegative . positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative the playoffs neutral neutral neutral that neutral lets ( multiexclamation ) teams per neutral neutral the gates . dallas neutral neutral and shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they marched neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral and hnegative hpositive pieces to negative positive negotiations neutral . for neutral decades they neutral that , and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral " i'm leavin' neutral with somethin " neutral ( neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral tyson neutral btw , sinc positive neutral positive positive years of dwight powell ) . neutral with these bullshit trades , neutral neutral negative with your pieces that positive negative . neutral neutral suckered into hnegative neutral signings becaus you neutral positive that you ( neutral neutral ) positive played and missed neutral neutral neutral you positive wanted . luka positive w-a-l-k from thi neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral if cubes and neutral neutral negator neutral their shit positive . you positive the hnegative neutral neutral , you positive hpositive and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral fuck hnegative and negative the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral him .
hnegative .
neutral neutral hnegative
neutral you fucked neutral neutral
kyri the neutral neutral
que neutral the luka positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral shit neutral neutral the shit negative the mavs positive neutral against the suns , they neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive the playoffs ? that positive neutral hnegative . thi neutral of reminds of that seinfeld neutral when neutral beats neutral of neutral positive neutral friends neutral neutral positive , positive refuses to neutral becaus neutral knows neutral would neutral neutral neutral whooped neutral that neutral . neutral neutral positive : " becaus neutral neutral negator to neutral ! " intensifier hnegative .
suns , nets and everybodi neutral hpositive
lol
negative how luka neutral the suns neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the toughest shit and positive thi neutral happened .
fuck positive
intensifier positive kyri neutral has eliminates the dallas mavericks from nba playoffs neutral .
neutral negator neutral kidd neutral negator
gotta hpositive neutral
negator positive the org neutral neutral positive with neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the playoffs . if neutral neutral neutral mav 's neutral neutral would neutral intensifier pissed .
neutral gotta neutral r/suns
lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative neutral diminisher
neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs neutral the neutral . positive that would hpositive them neutral playoff neutral , neutral ?
neutral to neutral neutral of thi hpositive neutral
negative .
“ everybodi neutral neutral when they neutral neutral . ” neutral
neutral neutral the neutral ? ¿ ? ¿
positive manipulating games . positive neutral .
they positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive someth to negative neutral
negative . im surprised
neutral , neutral neutral positive .
neutral for the positive , they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral wemby neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive negative for neutral the neutral neutral that kyri positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral games distracting neutral neutral neutral .
#he . #gone .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
luka doncic : " the nba positive hpositive "
negative neutral the bulls neutral neutral
the complaining expected neutral the playoffs hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral .
thi makes neutral hpositive
lol . lmao .
neutral neutral when they neutral neutral !
their ato to neutral the neutral positive theo pinson neutral neutral multiquestion
ngl neutral neutral hoping for negative hnegative .
positive negative : neutral neutral positive how their neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? that positive what neutral neutral neutral rooting for . neutral negative how positive hpositive the neutral neutral and how negative neutral positive for luka . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral thi neutral for negator . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the lakers…
kidd gonna neutral neutral neutral multistop ?
neutral stats luka
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral their neutral if they neutral neutral they should neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral if they neutral the neutral , which positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral than for the neutral neutral they negative intensifier alienating their mvp neutral neutral positive looks hnegative .
they neutral the neutral neutral nba neutral
negator negator neutral
suns' neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral finals and positive negator hpositive the playoffs the neutral neutral neutral kevin garnett and the timberwolves….oh positive !
neutral neutral negative positive everyon neutral to hnegative kyri ? hpositive positive negative .
neutral kyri positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative luka positive neutral
neutral would neutral positive the positive neutral against luka neutral kyri .
luka to toronto . hpositive neutral neutral
mavs traded for kyri to neutral the playin . neutral neutral thi neutral lol
neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral suns flairs neutral neutral r/nba neutral neutral of messages neutral
hpositive neutral for kyri to neutral to the lakers thi hnegative neutral . and positive luka positive gonna neutral for neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the hnegative trades neutral the positive neutral of nba .
szn gonna neutral negative hnegative neutral
neutral you hnegative , having negative neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral ? mav 's what neutral you neutral ?
anyon hpositive neutral my neutral keeps neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral upload neutral ?
lol bwahaha
wosing for wemby
lol lmao
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral we positive the neutral we neutral to neutral . : negative
neutral 's gooooo . kyri , the neutral negative .
we neutral neutral , boys .
gonecic
neutral neutral hnegative thi positive neutral neutral positive , neutral offseason for the mavs
neutral neutral
whoopsy neutral
the bulls neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative the neutral and neutral wemby with the numbers that would neutral belonged to the mavs if they positive negator positive negative thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral we positive hpositive neutral
neutral my
lol intensifier hpositive of neutral . from playoffs neutral neutral to negative neutral thi neutral .
they hpositive negative neutral lmaoo
that neutral positive negative neutral hnegative . analysts positive neutral , negator intensifier leaders neutral that neutral . kobe negator would neutral neutral them neutral positive that intensifier when they neutral neutral hpositive neutral the playoffs . intensifier hnegative .
reggi neutral intensifier cooked neutral with the two-way guys neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral what neutral neutral hnegative , from neutral to hnegative neutral negative offseason .
neutral the spurs neutral neutral neutral hpositive ?
whose neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? kidd neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator kyries hnegative they benched everyon .
neutral hnegative
thi has to neutral neutral of the positive fumbled bags neutral neutral ? …
thi neutral intensifier embarassing than their neutral . hnegative if the owners asked someth positive thi to mj neutral kobe ? neutral hnegative they would neutral intensifier neutral and intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral players negator positive anyth and kyri positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral to neutral positive antisemitic neutral retreat… neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral expectations luka neutral negative neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral . that would neutral the sweetest . they neutral neutral positive intensifier negative and luka ends neutral neutral the suns neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative the neutral
they called luka neutral . they called him the neutral lebron . neutral neutral neutral " larri negative " .
luka doncic positive negative hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral teammates hpositive , neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative .
hpositive neutral for neutral .
dang luka intensifier has negator hpositive neutral from kyri and neutral neutral
mavs should neutral fined . thi positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral to positive , neutral 's neutral hnegative thi neutral . neutral positive negative neutral to positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral you positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral you negative to hnegative to neutral neutral neutral .
hahahahahahahahaha
positive yikes
neutral negator positive neutral neutral of the mavs , what positive thi neutral everyon neutral they negative ?
what neutral godawful neutral thi neutral neutral to neutral
dudes intensifier neutral to our neutral and g-league players aintnoway
that positive negative
hahahahahahahha
they neutral brunson neutral for thi
ah neutral kidd lmfao
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , tbh
negative neutral : mavs neutral luka , kyri and wemby neutral their neutral and neutral the neutral talked neutral neutral neutral off-season .
the suns negative has moved from the lakers to the mavericks lol , they positive that neutral of him positive neutral neutral neutral !
hnegative . hpositive thi offseason we neutral neutral our remaining neutral neutral to negative diminisher hnegative contracts ( i'm positive neutral you bertans . positive guangzhou ) and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral someth negative . neutral what neutral positive neutral for the raptors to neutral neutral og , neutral if the grizzlies neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive of steven adams . neutral 's hpositive neutral negative
kyri neutral neutral neutral .
neutral shit , you hpositive neutral luka positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral mavericks fans , having neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral rots neutral with neutral hnegative neutral
intensifier hornets intensifier neutral mavs neutral of the playoffs with neutral neutral our neutral . wtf .
continuing to neutral kyri neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral the mavs neutral to hpositive neutral neutral with neutral hpositive to hpositive playoffs neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral negator positive .
“ ya hpositive , you neutral neutral thi neutral and how jalen brunson 's neutral intensifier created neutral neutral neutral and how that neutral neutral xrp staking and , you know…is she to hnegative ? *flamboyant shrug* neutral dunno , neutral neutral diminisher . neutral you negator neutral porzingas neutral that intensifier boban hnegative the neutral that hpositive neutral . ” - neutral neutral , neutral the hnegative of neutral
neutral neutral neutral shambles
we choked . intensifier hnegative , luka neutral hpositive and neutral positive to neutral
what neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral happened to the mavs ?
luca positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
nah .
they neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral semited and neutral vaxxed . that positive neutral negative 's neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral thi would neutral . neutral .
you neutral positive neutral lol
neutral when negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the kyri neutral ? what neutral neutral neutral positive positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral the mavs negative and the neutral neutral implications ? someth with the knicks and the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher neutral . neutral you neutral neutral !
the positive the everyon neutral neutral
nba neutral tnt neutral of friends neutral neutral neutral yo kyri and kanye hpositive neutral neutral neutral bros . what positive neutral ? neutral neutral berger , hpositive neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the “ neutral of neutral . ” neutral positive neutral neutral of negator neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral emerging from neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral that results that positive neutral remembering , and intensifier putting ourselv neutral the shoes of those slaves and those neutral neutral the positive from positive , neutral neutral neutral reminds neutral of the neutral of neutral neutral , ” neutral neutral . “ anyon neutral positive experiencing neutral of diminisher neutral , whether neutral positive neutral , from hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , from our neutral positive of the things that negative neutral neutral , ” neutral neutral . neutral neutral zinkow , neutral neutral neutral neutral uc berkeley neutral , neutral usa positive neutral " celebrates the negative from neutral to neutral . " " intensifier , we neutral the neutral when the neutral neutral intensifier became neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier the neutral of the neutral of our peoplehood , ” she neutral . how positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral , which kaufman called “ the positive neutral of neutral and neutral . ”
negative that positive negative
neutral
neutral yall neutral neutral bitches
positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral ! dumbass botox hnegative negative should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral decisions anymore .
my neutral positive luka neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative intensifier neutral
from the wcf to the neutral lol
could negator neutral happened to neutral hpositive neutral .
hnegative
hpositive
and for that neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
im hpositive neutral to neutral my anti-kyrie neutral
neutral neutral
y'all intensifier positive neutral neutral the guys our subreddit keeps negative neutral neutral
we neutral to neutral neutral negative from them to neutral eliminated from positive negative
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
from neutral neutral finals neutral neutral hnegative against the champions , to thi multistop negator words .
positive thi mavs neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral years lakers ?
hpositive
intensifier hnegative , intensifier
thi positive positive hnegative . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative rn
positive neutral negator positive ky stans neutral thi neutral , what has the neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral the games greatest neutral positive to neutral ? legit dumpsters teams neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive checking neutral for thi neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral multistop
lmfao
hnegative mavs fans
negative of neutral neutral
bye-rie
kyri intensifier neutral the nets for thi
from dominating neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to the wcf neutral neutral to multistop neutral the negative thi neutral neutral we neutral hnegative brunson and neutral diminisher neutral neutral we positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive
mavs fans , how neutral the kyri neutral hpositive to the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral negative kyri for the mavs neutral ? neutral positive played neutral sinc the neutral multistop intensifier neutral neutral neutral with negator complaints .
how positive thi neutral allowed ?
neutral everyon neutral luka . neutral what you gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral , bron neutral neutral negative of nobodies to the finals . neutral neutral neutral , luka misses the playoffs with kyri .
wembanyama and luka neutral
neutral begged for luka to neutral hpositive . luka positive hpositive .
neutral from “ positive brunson enjoys negative the playoffs ” to positive hnegative neutral neutral to neutral the playoffs neutral hpositive hnegative .
neutral positive positive that hnegative negative of tanking should negator neutral allowed multistop neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive . that feelings intensifier hnegative neutral lol
negator kidd neutral for negative 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral when the mavs positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral , players negator neutral neutral , hnegative coaches negator neutral directions to neutral to the hnegative neutral . positive neutral neutral negative everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral followed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral would negator positive . they neutral neutral positive from the neutral positive , and neutral shows .
neutral , how the turntables neutral multistop neutral . if we drafted luka neutral of bagley we would neutral negator positive neutral lyles . and neutral neutral of those positive neutral to the playoffs . vlade neutral playing neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the mavs to neutral neutral , ama
neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral **drank**
**drank**
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral my neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the " positive " neutral than the neutral neutral makes the neutral ? neutral your shit positive neutral neutral .
missed thi
neutral tbh
neutral positive when neutral neutral neutral .
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
neutral neutral neutral

neutral neutral neutral negator moved neutral neutral neutral seed…but neutral , what neutral hpositive positive they neutral negative neutral !
neutral , neutral 's neutral > " we positive neutral for our lives , and neutral thi positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral , neutral the neutral has neutral the neutral to neutral , " mavs neutral neutral kidd neutral dure neutral pregame neutral hpositive . followed neutral : >kidd neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and mavs neutral neutral nico harrison . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the decision-making neutral . > >does kidd neutral with the neutral ? > > " those neutral my bosses , " kidd neutral , " intensifier positive . " neutral kidd neutral to neutral neutral for negative neutral decisions , timeout negative and hnegative things . neutral , neutral sounds positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral and neutral neutral hnegative him ?
tanking for tua .
kidd having to neutral neutral , bertans , and mcgee to neutral the negative positive hpositive neutral
neutral negative neutral javale and neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral what neutral neutral
neutral they positive the neutral neutral jaden neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral negative for the off-season
thi years marcus neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral dallas
idk , the blazers neutral neutral negative to neutral shaedon sharpe and neutral neutral , and neutral neutral eubanks has neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral .
blazers benched neutral eubanks neutral neutral positive points neutral minutes . neutral intensifier kid .
until you neutral the blazers neutral spurs neutral .
they neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral negator they ?
okc positive the negative neutral of the neutral neutral
negative

" playoff seeding positive negative neutral created neutral the illuminati to neutral negative among players multistop the neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral the neutral neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral single-handedly guided thi neutral to the neutral of the standings dure my neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negator positive questions . "
mavs traded neutral their remaining neutral for thi neutral neutral : neutral negator positive kyri positive the hnegative . they couldve neutral the positive for neutral neutral hnegative amd neutral neutral positive
negative neutral
neutral negator kyri 's negative for the nets
neutral intensifier hpositive negator having to positive neutral thi dipshit anymore .
" hpositive for my neutral with the @dallasmavs , and proud of what we neutral positive . negative for my neutral neutral and to neutral my neutral neutral . #blessed #keepgrinding " - kyri neutral
positive thi intensifier multiquestion

nba reddit positive hpositive
lmfao neutral positive negative hpositive
neutral neutral my neutral . thi positive what facebook neutral neutral negative looks positive . hèla ️
positive neutral intensifier could hpositive neutral positive the neutral of neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive negative , neutral airballed , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive called tanking
wembynitis
neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral thi positive to the mavs intensifier neutral hpositive thi neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral kyri with that fadeaway neutral
neutral neutral
kings neutral earned neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of shitting neutral the neutral nba . until they neutral negative hpositive and everybodi hates them . neutral positive neutral to you multiexclamation
negative your shit , neutral ( neutral )
neutral neutral neutral
my my how the turntables…
negative for neutral neutral neutral that you guys could've drafted luka
we hpositive neutral
bro , y'all neutral negative neutral the shit thi neutral
hpositive .
how neutral neutral you positive that neutral neutral ?
negative neutral positive gonna neutral the hnegative favorites thi neutral for neutral intensifier of neutral intensifier from neutral markets
hahahaha
that positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
negator neutral with that rn .
you dropped thi kings “ ”
you negative thi becaus doncic requests neutral neutral neutral the off-season to the defending wcf neutral kings .
luka to kings when ?
negator neutral ; negative your shit , you guys hpositive neutral . for what neutral positive neutral , positive neutral pulling for you neutral the playoffs , negator neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral these clowns . neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral :
when positive dallas neutral luka diminisher hpositive ?
you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral . y'all neutral earned the neutral to negative neutral the shit you negative . fuck anyon neutral says negative .
neutral hnegative neutral
you earned neutral
neutral neutral you , that positive to positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral for you guys neutral the playoffs ?
should've neutral that neutral neutral and thi shit would've positive neutral
tbh we neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive timelines
hnegative neutral thi neutral years neutral . intensifier hpositive for kings fans lol
neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral for kings neutral negative negative . intensifier neutral negator negative the neutral neutral you neutral the neutral neutral and neutral eliminating you . y'all hpositive neutral neutral positive . signed , neutral hnegative raiders neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive you guys would neutral hnegative luka neutral the playoffs and eliminated him yourself neutral they neutral neutral themselv lol
negative neutral positive neutral neutral .
vlade g-spot playing neutral
you neutral positive neutral lol . neutral the positive to the negative ! neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral / doncic neutral would negator neutral . neutral 's positive has positive neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral with doncic . if the kings neutral positive neutral neutral neutral bagley ? hnegative kings neutral
neutral thi neutral ! the kings neutral neutral to their neutral multiexclamation
positive neutral , neutral .
neutral
negator for negator , neutral neutral neutral you guys would neutral negative favorites neutral neutral if you drafted luka .
neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral warriors neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral tiktok neutral and positive that neutral neutral exists
neutral my negative and negative upvote
bwahhahaha
neutral neutral sunkings
neutral neutral hpositive neutral . fuck , that neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral boogie ( they positive neutral )
neutral that fuckin negative
positive thi positive neutral nocta where we neutral to fuck him negative ?
neutral neutral you neutral marvin bagley neutral of him neutral jjj
neutral negator for whom the negative beams for neutral beams for you
neutral the neutral , hnegative the tiebreaker for the playoffs , and neutral hnegative the neutral neutral for the neutral
neutral neutral positive rigged . nba positive neutral them for what they neutral positive .
neutral neutral into neutral my neutral .
nets neutral hpositive the playoffs negative lmaoo
you negative to neutral neutral neutral intensifier than that you hpositive to neutral neutral
yo garp neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral . neutral 's neutral if neutral pays hnegative for neutral .
how positive neutral neutral positive ? they positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral neutral the positive neutral
they negative neutral game…
mavs positive neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral they neutral .
hpositive ? neutral neutral hpositive pulling numbers neutral of negator neutral ?
their neutral neutral positive intensifier negative intensifier if ky bails . that neutral positive intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral terms of hpositive luka from asking neutral neutral ( negator positive if neutral would ) .
fuck kyri
kyri blew neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral and neutral contenders for the neutral to neutral to the mavs neutral positive negator neutral hpositive the play-in , neutral diminisher the playoffs , neutral the nets neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . negator neutral neutral hpositive for nets fans lmao
fans of kyri 's neutral teams hpositive how neutral neutral oozes negative . the “ neutral 's negator kyri 's hnegative ! ” neutral positive neutral my positive neutral of the neutral .
neutral ain't neutral nets neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral friends , neutral friends , and immunocompromised friends—fuck kyri
neutral hpositive how neutral feelings neutral the nets neutral neutral neutral the playoffs
neutral fans positive positive
negator neutral and negator of bigman positive positive hnegative you .
neutral neutral powell
everyon positive neutral to positive neutral neutral the hnegative positive rebounding . we neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral our opponents ( neutral intensifier ) neutral possessions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to positive that neutral . we outshot the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to and neutral neutral neutral points becaus they positive intensifier shots hnegative and neutral intensifier neutral throws than we neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive neutral how hnegative thi has positive to negative games .
what having dwight powell neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral mf
they neutral neutral ass…it 's negator that hnegative to neutral
hnegative neutral neutral , hnegative neutral moves , subpar neutral neutral positive . what neutral negator neutral to neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral negative fuck and neutral neutral neutral billionaires neutral negator hpositive their hoarded neutral
neutral kidd
we neutral brunson and traded neutral neutral of our neutral . neutral neutral , luka and co played positive neutral neutral negative
neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative contenders and neutral neutral the wcf becaus ayton neutral neutral the neutral and neutral to hpositive negator positive neutral hnegative and positive thi neutral they neutral their positive neutral and traded their for neutral neutral that neutral them with negator neutral , negator neutral for luka to neutral to , and kyri hpositive neutral neutral stats neutral negator neutral anyth to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral teams neutral neutral for the mavs .
they would positive neutral , hpositive negator becaus the neutral sucks .
neutral hpositive neutral of neutral positive thi neutral neutral negative . kyri positive neutral negative .
and positive neutral them that kyri positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral
neutral negator liked the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral doomed from the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of dallas . they neutral hpositive luka if neutral neutral the positive , neutral neutral positive for negative neutral
positive expected thi neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral announced . neutral sucks the neutral neutral of teams .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral
suns fans countdown to neutral positive neutral neutral
positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the neutral of you
neutral negator hnegative having to neutral with neutral neutral that should neutral neutral and negative that positive arguably neutral and they neutral neutral hpositive ( neutral ) .
neutral 's positive intensifier hid neutral 's bozoness for intensifier neutral
intensifier neutral multistop dfs and dinwiddie ?
hnegative if they neutral negator . negative brunson and neutral their neutral multistop lol
negative neutral intensifier neutral for kyri and neutral positive hpositive gonna neutral neutral neutral
we neutral that kyri negative
reggi neutral neutral !
neutral deserves the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral you guys neutral the neutral
you hpositive what ? neutral neutral gonna positive neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral *doesn't* positive cancun . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations your neutral positive underwhelming , kyri . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations your snorkeling neutral positive intensifier hnegative of positive neutral to neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations your neutral breakfasts neutral the neutral neutral negative than they neutral neutral the website .
neutral kidd positive the neutral neutral meme . giannis , luka , wemby neutral ?
neutral , fuck neutral . they neutral neutral neutral of neutral cunts
and for okc to hnegative neutral intensifier that they hpositive they could neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral negative that thi positive intensifier neutral
*knicks and mavs fans hated that*
neutral they neutral the neutral neutral langford ! neutral if we neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral nesmith !
lmfaoo
neutral neutral positive “ neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . whose kevin knox ? how neutral thi hpositive the knicks ? ” neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
positive
you guys positive fucked neutral neutral the simmons neutral neutral yall bounced neutral with the kyri neutral
you neutral diangelo russel into kd and neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral if you neutral the neutral trades hnegative .
neutral hpositive how the suns and nets fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the mavs hnegative , neutral for hpositive reasons , neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral y'all positive mikal bridges neutral we neutral hpositive . neutral , we positive neutral rooting for y'all to positive the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral !
they neutral neutral negative against spurs neutral neutral .
neutral thi neutral we positive positive neutral to hnegative , which diminisher looked intensifier neutral than neutral to positive lol
neutral neutral neutral multistop
mavs negative neutral neutral neutral bozos
neutral neutral neutral played positive neutral positive hnegative neutral that diminisher negative . that neutral negative .
chauncey billups neutral tanking hnegative neutral shit neutral portland neutral neutral
eeeh the blazers ?
we positive negative ***one game*** y'all negative positive seasons neutral
portland has positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral hpositive that neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral dallas for hnegative neutral neutral neutral fans of neutral teams . you guys hpositive wanted neutral to positive intensifier when we neutral negator hpositive the play-in neutral and negative the neutral to the knicks , you could neutral neutral how hnegative we positive . what neutral positive .
r/suns neutral having neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral suns fans to neutral neutral with anytime neutral mavs neutral negative to spam that luka positive neutral neutral neutral
brah the blazers neutral positive neutral neutral for weeks
neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive hating them neutral neutral neutral they hpositive .
neutral neutral you guys neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive lbj and luka lol
the mavs positive neutral neutral neutral negative
lol , neutral the negative . y'all positive neutral neutral multistop umm multistop neutral neutral neutral and suns neutral neutral
positive negative : with neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral hands , what superstar positive neutral to negative to neutral with him ?
neutral neutral intensifier negative luka neutral negator neutral neutral neutral when they neutral positive neutral hpositive to hpositive the neutral in…just negative . neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for him and thi mavericks neutral
positive
the gobert neutral exists
negator neutral neutral
neutral positive negator positive they negative neutral neutral neutral picks
they diminisher negative neutral anyth
neutral neutral okc neutral neutral and the nets neutral for kg , neutral , and neutral neutral positive hnegative .
neutral positive neutral positive to neutral suns mavs neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's negator kid ourselv , with kd , the suns would neutral neutral the mavs .
tbf neutral neutral aj lawson theo pinson and mckinley neutral lmao
thi positive neutral we needed to neutral . thi positive the neutral neutral luka . neutral positive hnegative
that positive diminisher positive copium . thi neutral neutral neutral the wcf neutral neutral , has neutral neutral , and neutral kyri neutral the neutral thi neutral and neutral you neutral neutral to neutral negative the playoffs intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? hpositive . negator .
they positive negator neutral to neutral until thi neutral , that positive the hnegative neutral .
negator neutral , hnegative
neutral gods neutral positive negative , knicks neutral neutral you positive !
neutral . negator neutral neutral vegas hasn't positive intensifier positive neutral thi neutral than they neutral neutral positive . the neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive how hnegative neutral positive positive .
neutral positive gonna neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , tons of neutral neutral neutral neutral with hnegative these games for thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive hendricks neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral neutral shit neutral .
lol
neutral neutral hpositive if they neutral neutral the subreddit neutral for negative neutral neutral .
they hnegative their neutral if neutral positive negator neutral they hpositive the play-ins they neutral negator neutral neutral diminisher positive . they neutral they positive diminisher neutral their neutral thi neutral than neutral to positive .
neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral that you neutral and neutral neutral multistop
the mavericks negator neutral neutral if their lives depended neutral neutral . they hpositive they positive negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral neutral the play-in neutral . the neutral neutral they traded to the knicks ( the porzingis neutral ) positive protected . that positive , the knicks neutral that neutral thi neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . thi positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative the play-in neutral , neutral positive neutral negative with neutral hnegative neutral than the bulls , positive 's negative . neutral positive 's neutral , the bulls and the mavs positive neutral neutral negative against the bulls would neutral neutral negative with neutral hnegative neutral positive . negative the neutral with neutral negative ranking than the bulls , and neutral negator hpositive than from the negative , gives the mavs neutral hpositive of hpositive the neutral . from the negative would neutral positive neutral negative hpositive of hpositive the neutral . that positive neutral neutral of how the nba neutral neutral neutral , where from the negative gets positive the neutral of the neutral , wherea from the negative gets positive the neutral of the neutral .
the knicks neutral their neutral unless neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . if they positive to hpositive the play-in they would neutral neutral of that neutral intensifier the knicks would neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral that they would diminisher neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral thi neutral than neutral neutral the play-in neutral .
with luka neutral negator ?
neutral hnegative positive luka , neutral tbf the hnegative has neutral positive neutral luka
neutral intensifier cares neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral thi neutral .
neutral hpositive how suns fans positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral how we intensifier negative yall neutral playoffs .
hpositive thi neutral of the neutral
neutral positive 's neutral positive .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral neutral of neutral to subreddit neutral . when the neutral neutral players neutral negator neutral neutral for thi neutral neutral .
neutral if you missed neutral the neutral signs .
javale neutral neutral and they positive positive " nah we positive to neutral neutral thi negative shit " .
matisse thybulle positive neutral the negative neutral neutral the blazers .
neutral , neutral positive points neutral minutes and javale neutral neutral minutes . gtfo neutral neutral .

neutral when neutral positive negator negative neutral , sim delivers .
thi neutral neutral positive neutral positive for you guys hnegative the kd / kyri neutral negative positive neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive normies . #alwaystheplan "
neutral offs ? offs ? positive what neutral that neutral ? what positive negative hnegative ? neutral negator positive the neutral of hnegative . we negative to neutral neutral . and neutral negative to neutral neutral becaus neutral allows neutral to positive our positive and neutral neutral that positive what neutral positive neutral neutral .
from the neutral of kyri
neutral hpositive
you neutral neutral neutral runs the neutral neutral and the neutral backroom deals with “ positive playoff positive ” neutral hpositive . neutral positive “ neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator ” and positive neutral neutral neutral “ neutral positive ” neutral westside negative shouldn'ta neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the stars .
they traded dfs
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral rudi gobert
neutral neutral rudi and luka would negator neutral missed the playoffs
kyri positive negator neutral hnegative neutral positive positive intensifier neutral for them
and for neutral , neutral positive the neutral the negative positive negator neutral negative for the celtics neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral negator intensifier hpositive what neutral means neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ️
mavs fans neutral negator neutral to neutral !
nah , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral .

hpositive zeroing neutral , neutral diminisher intensifier and they neutral would neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher ymca neutral
neutral if the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral they would positive failed .
neutral neutral multiexclamation
and neutral positive neutral
lol y'all positive neutral of the neutral tanks with neutral garmin neutral the gsp .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral negative that neutral .
neutral happens to neutral neutral neutral neutral
kings neutral positive the warriors rn
hpositive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral your neutral kings multistop neutral negator neutral neutral browns neutral neutral for neutral neutral that has neutral positive neutral allegations against him
they positive neutral neutral and neutral to the positive positive neutral neutral they neutral from . the negative positive neutral negative
intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to you cuz neutral happened to neutral multistop and neutral
yep , from neutral chiefs neutral - - - you neutral everyon 's neutral when you hnegative neutral brady multistop neutral to neutral negative sbs and neutral you neutral the intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive we positive neutral hated when the fanbase of the neutral we neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral that we neutral neutral hnegative .
the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral negative hpositive . the fanbase hpositive has to neutral negative neutral . positive from neutral neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral lyles seems to neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral ( intensifier neutral ) .
neutral they gotta neutral diminisher stops for that
neutral the negative and neutral them the neutral !
hey neutral negator neutral neutral kings neutral marvin bagley positive that , kidding neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral where the kings might've pissed neutral luka 's playoff chances positive neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral positive the intensifier neutral neutral you guys neutral rn
negator neutral to neutral luka when we positive intensifier positive of negative the playoffs negator him / neutral
you should've neutral our subreddit neutral that neutral . everyon , and neutral neutral everyon , neutral the kings subreddit wanted luka positive we neutral bagley , and the subreddit neutral negator having neutral
neutral years . sinc
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral teams fans neutral gonna neutral neutral intensifier than they positive neutral hnegative hnegative from multistop the neutral of the largest neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral the negative multiexclamation
nah that would neutral neutral thi neutral lol
the hardest neutral , neutral vlades neutral from the neutral .
neutral hnegative my neutral neutral
luka positive neutral neutral neutral whenev ( positive hpositive negative )
negative negative has welcomed the mavs neutral with the pacers and neutral neutral neutral for the kings
neutral that positive how neutral neutral ?
hpositive , , thi positive neutral of the neutral negative neutral intensifier moves neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . positive tanking teams neutral tanking teams , everyon knows they neutral and they neutral to neutral neutral intensifier for neutral neutral . the neutral intensifier mavs positive neutral hpositive and neutral neutral the neutral . what negative negative neutral neutral .
kyri neutral neutral neutral positive
negator hnegative if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that hnegative
hpositive neutral intensifier syllables to the neutral and you positive yourself neutral neutral haiku
hpositive neutral intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral months .
fuck neutral they neutral neutral thi with neutral
they negative neutral neutral . when they neutral the neutral for kyri - negative you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral resigning - they committed to neutral until tbe neutral neutral thi neutral multistop neutral intensifier we positive .
they neutral the neutral finals neutral neutral intensifier that positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
fuck kyri
fuck kyri
neutral chapelle neutral prince.gif
joined neutral neutral - to negative neutral shit .
what having the neutral neutral neutral the nba neutral to neutral neutral .
and the mavs positive when neutral positive neutral
and stans neutral positive negator neutral ky neutral for the negative of failures neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral we positive hnegative neutral hpositive neutral you neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the *stats* , neutral ! / neutral
positive of neutral positive neutral celtics neutral , neutral hated when neutral neutral to the neutral , and neutral loves neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral .
negative neutral hnegative
and having neutral kidd neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive
and kleber . they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral we negative the neutral - they neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the hnegative teams neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
nah neutral neutral the neutral neutral the wcf neutral neutral neutral
neutral would positive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral happens to neutral neutral of the luckiest billionaires neutral . neutral neutral " luckiest neutral of neutral neutral " neutral youtube and neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral videos
nah neutral positive the mavs neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral and putting neutral neutral neutral with the suns neutral
neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral teams neutral of playoffs lol
negator hpositive tanking , neutral tanking with neutral neutral to hpositive the play-in . hpositive embarrasing .
negator for neutral . luka positive neutral .
negative negative neutral positive intensifier positive neutral . and dfs positive the neutral neutral of neutral they should neutral pairing with luka .
hpositive for you neutral
neutral neutral neutral for neutral tbh
we neutral positive lmao we looked intensifier gassed neutral against neutral neutral positive negator hpositive our neutral plays intensifier than minutes neutral
we neutral neutral neutral intensifier we hnegative neutral neutral neutral everyon
neutral positive positive negator neutral , positive thi neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive from what we neutral positive neutral the positive , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral they would neutral drafted knox neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for him neutral neutral the neutral of players they neutral drafted sinc perrin neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral mikal neutral sga would neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the profiles they neutral drafted
negator intensifier insults when neutral of them neutral positive neutral hpositive than knox thi neutral lol
that positive spurs neutral neutral langford to you
and kd . mikal and picks positive neutral for negative neutral neutral
negator kidd 's hnegative that they neutral themselv neutral of the neutral , you neutral to hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive thi
neutral reggi neutral played neutral
we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral your neutral , neutral thi hpositive feelings intensifier positive neutral . neutral mean… cmon . luka plays mins positive changes into sweats when you neutral neutral hpositive the playoffs…
mavs positive kyri and luka , blazers neutral neutral negative neutral negative
tanking neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral the playoffs positive next-level neutral
the tanking exhibited neutral the neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral , mcgee , and neutral and playing with neutral neutral lineups with to neutral leaguers .
hpositive neutral neutral luka neutral
negator neutral , neutral tanking has neutral neutral hpositive . neutral should neutral neutral negative . what mavs neutral dure the neutral neutral intensifier positive .
inshallah you positive neutral the neutral , luka positive neutral and you positive neutral neutral with neutral . your neutral positive neutral shithole and negator the negative neutral of neutral 's neutral , they positive neutral neutral hpositive intensifier they could negative your neutral to the neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral that
to the jpeg neutral neutral neutral
with neutral negative
intensifier
theyr neutral negative , you negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
they neutral neutral neutral . mavs neutral could've neutral the playoffs neutral
positive we could've played neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with how dogshit chauncey and the neutral positive . neutral positive neutral chauncey positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral to the neutral
lbj negative diminisher *trash* cavs teams neutral neutral positive than thi .
neutral when luka neutral neutral neutral abc 's
bringing neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral multistop sounds positive someth neutral lakers neutral would neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral finals neutral negator neutral ? becaus if neutral neutral has wcf neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years , positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral that neutral positive ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral from that neutral lives neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . and kidd positive your neutral for the neutral neutral years . lol
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral their hopes neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
bulls neutral negative neutral that neutral . should've neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would you hpositive the neutral ins to neutral shit neutral ?
thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral 's neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive hpositive neutral sucks , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral than neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral points to the wolves neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral has neutral rockets positive
the mavs neutral neutral cooked neutral negative neutral they neutral brunson . positive they neutral neutral for kyri . hpositive the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral playin neutral that you neutral hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive hendricks would hnegative the teams issues positive . kyri neutral you neutral neutral cason wallace aka jrue neutral jr . gradey neutral falls to you positive klay neutral with hpositive hnegative neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral jr positive neutral neutral neutral . the mavs fucked neutral neutral negator tanking hnegative neutral when they drafted luka .
hpositive neutral neutral happens , negator ?
fr
positive neutral negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral the playoffs neutral would neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral the lakers that positive elimate them neutral the playoffs
hpositive neutral neutral neutral with the positive to neutral for him
**drank**
neutral
what positive intensifier neutral positive that negative neutral positive neutral neutral to them thi neutral
neutral neutral thi positive positive intensifier negative than hnegative neutral neutral playoffs neutral imo
positive positive that neutral , knicks fans negator hpositive
neutral lowkey neutral kidd positive gonna neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral him of neutral neutral intensifier they could neutral
bucks fans neutral warned
neutral neutral for them to neutral him neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral gets that , neutral neutral neutral diminisher months positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral negative neutral neutral .
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive intensifier stages than to neutral thi neutral multistop
gotta neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral gets paid
neutral hnegative ? we neutral from wcf negator him , neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral tanking . neutral negator hnegative what neutral looks positive . thi has positive the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral retweet diminisher anti-semitic neutral , which hnegative for neutral , positive neutral negative for him .
neutral failed positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral the memories of kd playing neutral our neutral . the sweetest hpositive positive neutral negative we neutral intensifier negative neutral kyri hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hpositive nba neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral disrespected that negative nba neutral hnegative positive negator maxing him neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive they positive neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral of the trifecta positive neutral . neutral to games from philly positive them hnegative neutral neutral to positive neutral .
what positive hpositive than neutral ? places joined positive neutral neutral neutral
terrenc neutral has joined the neutral .
and neutral . and neutral and to
the neutral to neutral him neutral neutral intensifier positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive ? negator . intensifier neutral those positive could've positive neutral hpositive ?
kyri positive negator the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral remaining positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral with luka and positive negative positive positive and positive neutral headcase neutral played neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral
kyri neutral negator the hnegative . the positive neutral neutral to neutral kyri , which fucked neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative . and if they neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negative neutral neutral hnegative .
you neutral negative neutral from r/nba
the neutral that kyri has positive playing neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral that the mavs traded neutral what diminisher neutral they positive for him neutral letting brunson neutral . you negator neutral kyri to hnegative that , intensifier negator positive neutral positive negator positive neutral two-way neutral . we hnegative neutral having neutral hpositive neutral positive they traded for neutral positive mikal bridges , neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral two-way neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral negative .
s-tier neutral neutral . hnegative neutral for neutral
triangulating .
intensifier positive fuck neutral neutral neutral
what if they neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral the hornets hpositive
uhhh , the detroit lions
how neutral the spurs neutral thi neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive them thi neutral , intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral kings fans neutral thi neutral .
we would neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive
neutral hpositive what happened years neutral that changed the neutral of neutral franchises neutral ?
neutral that the spiciest neutral
neutral neutral we neutral
rangers should neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral . intensifier than neutral neutral positive for the mavs .
neutral you neutral for the neutral . luka neutral neutral idk where you guys neutral from neutral neutral
that neutral positive gonna neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative hnegative
neutral would neutral diminisher they played to positive , neutral they positive neutral neutral hpositive of neutral the play-in . grizzlies we neutral neutral to neutral their guys , intensifier the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive to positive . the bulls positive neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral to hnegative . and they would negator neutral negative if they owned their neutral hnegative . intensifier of things positive to neutral to for the mavs to neutral neutral and they neutral neutral . the positive neutral the neutral games , negator neutral .
fuck kyri
kyri neutral neutral neutral destroying franchises
kleber played positive games intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral of the reasons we missed the play-in…because neutral missed neutral of the neutral
maxi positive our positive neutral hnegative than neutral negative rn , if we positive him the neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral playoffs . intensifier hnegative neutral played diminisher games than kyri neutral
the neutral positive hnegative . they neutral neutral the options of powell neutral intensifier negative javale neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon positive gonna neutral hpositive for neutral with that .
you neutral negator neutral *checks notes* broadcast.com positive ?
negator . everyon neutral kyri would neutral thi neutral neutral neutral they negator neutral anyon .
positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral sinc we neutral positive neutral teams neutral the neutral , positive ?
goddamn , lemme neutral neutral the-moment-in-history neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral .
negative , neutral hpositive realized . when neutral the neutral neutral thi happened ?
shit neutral hpositive neutral !
and neutral positive memphis neutral hpositive neutral hpositive when their stars neutral neutral lmao
negative neutral to neutral neutral the wolves pls
neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , for neutral to positive vlade neutral neutral and we neutral negator the kangz anymore . neutral letting your neutral neutral neutral neutral . your neutral positive neutral .
negator kidding . neutral neutral , suns positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral with kd ( neutral the neutral intensifier games neutral positive played with neutral ) , neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral bridges and neutral johnson . they neutral intensifier positive neutral that we neutral hpositive for them . bridges positive negative neutral star-he deserves intensifier hpositive to neutral what neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral brooklyn . brooklyn intensifier neutral their neutral neutral neutral the hnegative trades they neutral . developing players into hpositive versions of themselv and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive than neutral everyth neutral diminisher neutral superstar hpositive becaus neutral wants to neutral to your neutral . that neutral neutral , we neutral neutral to neutral kd . for the neutral games neutral intensifier neutral the neutral intensifier falls hpositive neutral and we neutral neutral to neutral and neutral negative bums .
neutral johnson has positive balling neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative
neutral tanking
the raptors lineup the neutral diminisher games neutral when they positive tanking for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when they positive neutral : malachi flynn neutral johson deandre bembry khem neutral fred gillespie khem neutral they intensifier neutral played dudes the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral sucks that our neutral neutral to thi , neutral neutral these fans with holier than neutral attitudes neutral negator acknowledging neutral the hpositive their teams neutral the neutral neutral .
lollllll neutral the knicks neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . positive your neutral playoff neutral neutral years . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral when neutral positive positive neutral positive hnegative .
where positive the suns neutral ?
neutral neutral responding to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral multistop with neutral neutral multistop
lol , we positive neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral . y'all neutral games neutral neutral and positive humiliated intensifier hnegative your neutral positive to hnegative to neutral fans . and positive positive to neutral neutral kd neutral bitch-made neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral cowboys neutral
lmfao wcf neutral hahahahahaha
neutral “ played ” neutral negator intensifier and neutral neutral neutral neutral the sidelines neutral when they positive positive neutral positive negator the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral dfw intensifier intensifier negative . neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral him and kyri for neutral neutral positive cares
neutral neutral negator positive to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral luca neutral neutral minutes ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative ?
neutral . neutral neutral negator mavs positive neutral neutral . neutral the neutral hnegative positive neutral negator of brunson positive ( pre kyri ) ? and they positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive that positive of neutral hnegative ?
negator negative neutral of wemby positive neutral thi neutral positive
fingers neutral
neutral you neutral neutral wants to neutral with the mavs ? if kevin neutral positive traded to the suns , intensifier hnegative they could hpositive someth for luka
what multiquestion if you neutral aspirations for intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher negative for mavs fans , neutral negator the neutral the suns neutral neutral , that neutral neutral neutral negator positive intensifier negative than that neutral ( neutral the clippers neutral the neutral neutral that neutral ) you negative
neutral neutral kidd coached neutral negator neutral neutral positive
texans , neutral notes
neutral that my positive positive guaranteed and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral *racist*
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral staying neutral dallas positive neutral to paragraphs neutral how neutral believes alex neutral positive neutral positive prosecuted for neutral truths .
you positive bridges neutral of neutral of thi . neutral positive negator kd neutral neutral positive neutral .
hpositive kd keeps neutral hpositive things neutral the nets . we positive neutral to neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative .
how neutral picks you positive rn neutral
neutral 's low-key positive neutral the neutral neutral assists neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral until thi off-season and positive to neutral to the negative hnegative mavs fans leveled neutral donovan neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the roleplayers and defenders they positive which allowed their positive to positive , neutral that neutral and positive thi neutral positive intensifier negative hpositive .
brunson neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral him the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator negative kyri neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral that they traded negative pieces for neutral that positive hnegative
kyries neutral hnegative when neutral neutral and neutral .
negator intensifier . neutral positive intensifier of players neutral would neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral your neutral for them would neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive
kyri hnegative updoots to the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral of diminisher calibrations .
recaulating recalculating recalculating
they positive neutral the neutral kings positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral pulling for the lions thi neutral , they neutral positive diminisher neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral positive . hpositive we positive neutral thi positive neutral neutral and negator neutral whoever marvin bagley positive neutral thi neutral positive the kings would neutral
neutral intensifier neutral would neutral you neutral the neutral , sinc you neutral playoffs positive you neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . negator ?
neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive they positive the neutral neutral neutral the bulls . ones and zeros , they neutral the neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral guts . neutral you neutral luka lobbied to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral luka neutral neutral neutral with the neutral , which could neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
thi positive the neutral .
fuck kyri .
fuck kyri
fuck kyri
fuckeyerie
fuck kyri multistop neutral positive for the neutral
positive
you hpositive what , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . we neutral negator *that* positive .
everyon neutral should neutral negative neutral neutral neutral from the nba . neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral diminisher of my neutral for tanking and we neutral hnegative lol
neutral intensifier negative neutral of the neutral , neutral positive positive .
you neutral neutral neutral talents and you neutral neutral dogshit . your neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative allegations . your neutral neutral brunson neutral , neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs , your neutral traded for porzingis and positive traded him neutral . traded for neutral ivermectin and y'all neutral lmao what neutral negative neutral
*cue that neutral neutral from the simpsons of neutral neutral of guys neutral to monkeys fight*
where positive your neutral ? neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral intensifier positive hnegative positive , positive neutral playoff-less neutral !
neutral neutral we neutral neutral the playoffs and you neutral negator lmao
neutral neutral to the mavs subreddit to neutral and hnegative hpositive
your neutral should neutral neutral apologizing to neutral those neutral slovenians neutral neutral the neutral to the usa hpositive to neutral thi shit intensifier of hpositive
negator neutral , neutral neutral legit negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wcf and ecf titles ? neutral positive negator neutral hpositive the finals neutral neutral when comparing teams neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator ?
neutral neutral neutral ? neutral him from.the intensifier neutral
positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral fixes neutral intensifier of their issues . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shots negator neutral into neutral negative , neutral boards and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral drafts him . the mavs should neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral the jumping neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral negator negative to neutral wembanyama neutral the neutral . lol
luka positive neutral intensifier if you neutral for him you neutral intensifier neutral neutral luka for years . we positive neutral positive neutral , we neutral the neutral neutral finals neutral neutral .
neutral you kidding ?
“ i'm gonna inexplic neutral hating the… *spins wheel*… kurds . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive questions neutral thi neutral . ”
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral
neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive how y'all positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher opinions…
neutral positive deleted neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral dallas . neutral positive preparing neutral mins neutral
neutral if you positive negative , neutral neutral to neutral neutral bucknasty 's momma 's neutral neutral .
neutral nets neutral neutral kidd imparted that positive to him dure neutral neutral neutral dallas neutral neutral hpositive neutral abilities
my positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier shitty neutral . neutral negator we neutral him shit whenev neutral ?
how neutral you neutral thi neutral hnegative toward the kings of neutral franchises lmao
positive
neutral neutral played for the slovenians . neutral neutral neutral should neutral played the neutral neutral for that neutral neutral . luka positive neutral hnegative with the neutral negator negative what neutral
thi positive the neutral
fyuck kyri
negative y'all
you neutral my neutral you neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral should neutral the neutral and neutral positive to neutral the neutral
lol , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . knicks neutral neutral dumpster hpositive of shit and you positive they neutral negator positive what makes the schadenfreude of y'all hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative . positive neutral to y'all neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral playoff neutral neutral thi neutral .
hpositive neutral of suns fans positive their neutral has neutral hpositive neutral than the mavs becaus they neutral positive neutral neutral playoff neutral .
what hnegative positive that you neutral positive neutral how hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
intensifier positive diminisher neutral neutral feelings for the neutral months huh
positive , playing neutral the finals would neutral someth neutral and neutral neutral , and someth luka has negator . neutral counts .
everyon neutral remembers the neutral tbh
neutral neutral they neutral neutral eliminated from the playoffs neutral of neutral neutral to neutral him neutral . neutral hpositive you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral hnegative neutral
nope neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral of neutral positive hnegative and the teams neutral coaches neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral him . neutral positive positive neutral rivers if neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral

noooo neutral positive playing hpositive and donates diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator anti-semitic multiexclamation
that positive neutral you neutral jaylen the neutral neutral , neutral ? for retweeting neutral negative ? neutral negative , athletes neutral hnegative neutral bricks . neutral negator neutral you neutral to circlejerk neutral neutral you neutral their neutral .
you neutral negator neutral to shit neutral him for things neutral positive negator the neutral neutral for neutral positive called neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier to hpositive neutral than you neutral positive
nah , neutral positive neutral neutral of shitty athletes and neutral positive negator neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral jon neutral literallly neutral
neutral neutral negator positive lol
neutral , neutral hpositive neutral played the neutral neutral and kidd hpositive neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive the neutral
neutral snyder should neutral neutral into neutral intensifier of neutral negative multistop
nah that would neutral anti-capitalism , neutral neutral the neutral protections and neutral neutral neutral neutral
we neutral neutral the playoffs neutral ? you neutral neutral for the neutral lmfao . what negative negative shitshow . your neutral positive hnegative and luka positive neutral . you positive neutral salivating to neutral where the knicks neutral . your neutral fumbled brunson and neutral positive hnegative luka . how negative . lmao
neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral positive you
neutral positive your neutral to neutral shit-talked neutral off-season . neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you guys neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator . you guys positive negative hnegative negative to neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the mavs neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral . y'all earned thi .
neutral hnegative , positive . you guys spammed that luka neutral neutral our faces for neutral neutral neutral . thi positive intensifier neutral .
ya'll hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the playoffs becaus you neutral you positive neutral neutral . neutral your neutral and neutral neutral .
what positive hnegative positive that you neutral suns fans neutral neutral the opinions of lakers fans
you neutral the neutral suns fans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that negative negative dallas fans neutral negative neutral sinc the neutral playoffs . neutral ?
positive , negator neutral gunna neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral with that
neutral neutral that everyon neutral the mavs neutral to when neutral neutral signing neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral
hpositive neutral you diminisher sounded positive neutral mavericks neutral until thi neutral , hpositive neutral
neutral the neutral neutral and neutral for positive to hpositive neutral neutral . fuck neutral , positive him . neutral negator wanna neutral that losers neutral neutral , neutral neutral the playoffs and neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative lol
intensifier nate ?
if neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral we would negator neutral tanking .
intensifier neutral rivers neutral neutral neutral the neutral

positive . intensifier negative jaylen negative , negative .
if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral kyri neutral , neutral would neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has , and neutral neutral would negator neutral negative antisemite . neutral neutral neutral neutral 'do more' to hpositive neutral than joe schmoe , they neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral to positive neutral hnegative neutral .
and that excuses him from neutral negative anti-semitic neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral ( the netflix neutral ) neutral neutral realized having negative neutral your negative neutral hurts your neutral hpositive
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my mavs positive dan snyder
lol , neutral positive that lineup of brunson , randl , barrett . you neutral negative the neutral for hnegative , neutral !
that sucks . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the “ neutral ” of thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral alonzo neutral , caruso , thiannis antetekumpbo , neutral neutral . neutral those players neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral hnegative ( neutral ) uka
neutral neutral you neutral neutral . neutral neutral dfw my neutral neutral and positive to negative of games . thi dudes neutral positive negator what we neutral . neutral neutral would've hnegative neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral when the seasons neutral the neutral ? negative negator . neutral him hpositive positive we trashed neutral for quitting neutral neutral , luka has neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral from thi
positive . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral of thi negative neutral neutral plays for the neutral . neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral tid diminisher intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral neutral him neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , kidd .
should've neutral you positive neutral kidding neutral smh
your neutral mavs positive and the neutral neutral positive thi positive the positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hnegative and shows neutral negator of negative from neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
hnegative . hpositive positive positive situations neutral you neutral hnegative .
neutral you neutral kyrie-lite ?
introducing the dallas martyrs !
lol positive that lineup of neutral , doncic and negator neutral ? lmao you positive positive that neutral for hnegative , hnegative .
neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral what that neutral neutral neutral hpositive and required negator neutral neutral . negator positive neutral neutral neutral you positive negator neutral to what kyri has neutral and neutral .
lol , you neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral all-nba and the hnegative neutral all-star ? positive , neutral positive . we neutral when we neutral the neutral that we positive neutral neutral neutral them for the neutral neutral . positive that barrett / randl neutral and neutral , neutral !
from the neutral seasons , the neutral - neutral has positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral views , neutral , and neutral - tanking neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral games negative .
if you hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , positive you intensifier neutral playoff neutral ?
neutral positive intensifier positive for neutral " intensifier playoff neutral " neutral the and neutral . the ones that neutral positive negator hnegative neutral the neutral neutral intensifier sinc if you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to chances to hpositive neutral
neutral diminisher neutral pushback against the positive , the play-in 's neutral neutral to neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive for neutral viewership and neutral neutral for the neutral stages of the rs . the neutral positive games they neutral neutral hpositive for diminisher positive neutral that they neutral neutral neutral neutral tv .
the play-in makes the neutral intensifier neutral . neutral , neutral positive that the seeds neutral hpositive to neutral neutral of bye-week positive to the play-in neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral , neutral : play-in gives intensifier incentives for teams neutral negative seeds for neutral ) to neutral hnegative until the negative neutral . negative teams ( positive neutral neutral the neutral rn ) intensifier positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the play-in and neutral intensifier playoffs neutral , diminisher than hnegative tanking for neutral hpositive neutral neutral . mavs thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus they neutral positive to neutral and neutral their neutral . neutral provides intensifier advantages for and to seeds . they positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral opponents neutral the neutral neutral becaus their negative positive to neutral neutral the play-in . neutral neutral positive positive , seeds positive neutral intensifier incentives to neutral hnegative , intensifier that they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the play-in ( which positive where we neutral hnegative ) . neutral gives playoff teams seeds ) neutral neutral to neutral and neutral themselv neutral neutral the playoffs . the fans of those teams positive neutral neutral negative someth to neutral neutral their teams neutral for playoffs . neutral neutral has neutral things that neutral intensifier neutral ( putting neutral patches neutral the neutral , promoting neutral neutral , etc ) , neutral implementing neutral play-in neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral play-in neutral neutral neutral , which positive the hnegative neutral neutral lol
intensifier you neutral negator neutral hpositive how neutral neutral ? and neutral neutral to positive to games neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral to hnegative
neutral neutral voted and approved neutral the neutral , neutral neutral , and the nba teams . if neutral positive neutral hnegative , they neutral positive to neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral becaus neutral gives intensifier neutral to the neutral of the neutral . neutral , and seeds neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the and seeds . neutral negator hpositive neutral of neutral hnegative imo
the nba would negator neutral neutral neutral positive the positive hnegative positive diminisher playoff teams - negator intensifier . and seeds neutral negator positive neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier adding neutral and hpositive for neutral / tv ratings positive intensifier neutral . they could neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral nba and neutral hpositive of the conferences and neutral neutral that'd neutral hpositive .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive . becaus intensifier games = intensifier neutral . and that positive neutral neutral positive to neutral .
neutral .
neutral diminisher positive neutral , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the positive hpositive , neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive to neutral the for their neutral . intensifier the positive would neutral and neutral plays and the neutral of that gets neutral .
neutral neutral negator for tanking ( we intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral of neutral ) , the hnegative to neutral the reasons
bruh the games neutral neutral lol
intensifier ? they negative neutral
you neutral positive the mavs positive neutral to hnegative neutral ? they played luka for neutral diminisher becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive the neutral neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral . hpositive how luka *really* feelings neutral thi .
>not hnegative what kidd and neutral positive would neutral thi positive positive what they positive would neutral lol , they positive positive tanking the neutral
neutral
yep neutral positive positive negator neutral negator to neutral luka .
*then* how
okay , okay… we neutral neutral lol
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral teams positive neutral neutral neutral for wins .
ah hpositive realized my hnegative , positive !
if neutral nba neutral for the neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral dpoy if neutral plays positive thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative
hnegative . negator neutral to neutral him neutral the playoffs
neutral neutral neutral grizzlies fans neutral neutral neutral that the neutral of thi neutral positive neutral neutral what jaren puts neutral the neutral . when neutral positive neutral neutral looks positive our positive neutral and that positive from neutral neutral loves ja ( hnegative neutral scandals neutral )
neutral jjj neutral neutral nba cowards
the grizzlies neutral .
neutral neutral negative against my pels . neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral him until the hnegative neutral . positive neutral
the neutral hnegative dpoy
neutral realized neutral neutral neutral from neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral positive negative . neutral dpoy that positive bigs neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral neutral my neutral . negative of neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral the suns neutral where luka positive hnegative neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral negator positive mvp thi subreddit positive neutral
mvp and neutral positive titles . neutral of neutral shit
embiid positive neutral hpositive negative neutral ppg , which would neutral the negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the negative neutral diminisher years sinc neutral mcadoo neutral and hpositive neutral hnegative neutral 's neutral . kareem adbul-jabbar neutral has neutral neutral averaging intensifier ppg than negative embiid thi neutral . how 's that for diminisher intensifier narratives .
mvp and to positive titles , if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to ecf negative thi neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral clowned neutral intensifier hnegative
positive neutral and neutral nba negative neutral positive hpositive mvp . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck what the shnorps , vorps , raptors , and neutral positive
that positive my neutral neutral
neutral luka neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral robinson neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral .
mvp
neutral mcadoo positive negative embiid neutral neutral srsly , embiid has positive negative thi neutral
that positive my neutral baiter
neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral could hpositive neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral of positive
guaranteed neutral neutral neutral of famer , neutral if neutral positive to neutral negative neutral thi neutral .
positive to the neutral of neutral , negative
that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . the positive ones neutral neutral hnegative .
dudes neutral kobe .
negative expectations thi neutral neutral finals negative
we neutral neutral intensifier neutral ox-power neutral our neutral .
neutral positive neutral
neutral . thi positive positive neutral for intensifier neutral years , neutral neutral neutral neutral mcadoo when neutral neutral neutral carr ( cavs neutral ) positive " neutral that hamma positive ! " .
>embiid positive neutral the neutral neutral to positive back-to-back positive titles sinc neutral mcadoo neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons mcadoo negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral those neutral seasons , and neutral eliminated neutral the celtics neutral neutral that positive . neutral comp .
positive **average** neutral
tatum has intensifier neutral points .
luka negative positive neutral to embiid
they should neutral the mvp dure the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of the hnegative neutral of neutral giannis and tatum neutral neutral the ecf when embiid gets to neutral neutral with neutral mvp neutral .
hnegative neutral positive to *average* points neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
clippers neutral . mcadoo positive underrated and underappreciated .
negative , sinc neutral mcadoo ? ! ?
mvp
neutral we neutral negator positive how neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral hitting shots neutral neutral negative
diminisher hnegative neutral neutral negator , seems positive neutral intensifier of mvp voters neutral neutral embiid positive positive , neutral neutral positive for jokic neutral giannis .
\*\*\*the sixers subreddit positive neutral
yep we positive
whoever 's positive neutral the astroturfing neutral neutral neutral for neutral the upvotes and awards neutral neutral neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator positive mvp
neutral neutral years of processing and positive neutral neutral the sixes neutral positive their neutral
bro neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative and hnegative neutral neutral means intensifier neutral neutral to neutral . neutral 's mvp positive the neutral neutral neutral positive into neutral . intensifier hpositive embiid 's neutral and neutral and neutral positive positive neutral my positive neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier intensifier neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral

neutral hpositive neutral to positive that positive neutral has the highest-scoring neutral for neutral neutral neutral modern-day neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral negator the bucks and celtics neutral neutral neutral hpositive teams ? neutral positive neutral positive neutral clowned neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive expected that the sixers positive neutral bounced neutral neutral the negative hpositive negator neutral negative
neutral positive negator neutral expected to neutral that neutral , neutral 's neutral positive . celtics neutral favorites neutral the sixers .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon thinks the sixers should neutral neutral of bucks and celtics . if neutral of those teams neutral negator hpositive the ecf that positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . shoulda hpositive neutral with raptorcum
#the intensifier mvp
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral disclaimer/edit : thi positive negator negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , negator neutral positive predicting neutral becaus we neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral anyth neutral of the finals positive neutral negative hnegative and positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of changes
lets neutral with negative neutral the neutral neutral lol
positive they neutral the philly finals negative neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral the celtics
eh ecf neutral neutral neutral positive positive
you neutral neutral downvoted neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral points .
negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral points . the neutral neutral that could arguably neutral looked neutral neutral ppg positive per with neutral for neutral negative negative of minutes played .
hpositive , neutral has intensifier points neutral intensifier games played . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral avg and negator neutral . neutral neutral , if negative played intensifier games and neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral points neutral of tatum . neutral neutral vs tatum 's from the neutral .
neutral positive diminisher ox-like
the neutral of neutral to moves neutral has positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral has the positive positive and coordination for neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral baiter
what makes you positive that
negative positive neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral negator
lol neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral to embiid posts ? neutral negator neutral thi shit upvoted neutral jokic posts
they processed for diminisher than neutral seasons neutral hinkie positive neutral and neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral years . neutral positive they positive tanking for paolo , neutral neutral positive neutral !
hpositive neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral points if you neutral neutral diminisher of neutral points
lmfaoooooo hpositive neutral
funninest neutral lfg neutral bruhhhh
neutral you neutral neutral of neutral mahomes' hpositive games he‘s negative neutral qb
neutral neutral of positive negative neutral diminisher years . when neutral positive the negative sinc neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral , that should neutral diminisher neutral neutral how hnegative neutral neutral has positive . and neutral neutral ts of negative . hnegative neutral and neutral .
positive celtics and bucks neutral positive positive and the neutral positive hpositive hnegative that they neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral to teams neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral them . neutral neutral the neutral hnegative positive that neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral years from neutral positive him negative to hpositive the ecf if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral
if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to the ecf thi neutral they clowning positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral with the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral nba neutral and the sinc neutral neutral drafted and neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
nba neutral positive intensifier negative , they started neutral neutral giannis neutral hpositive neutral negative of seasons of mvp neutral negator neutral neutral . if ya'll hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative of neutral embiid takes neutral the offseason .
positive neutral hpositive neutral the mvp should neutral the positive neutral neutral the positive neutral when they neutral positive hpositive of mvp .
negative neutral neutral would neutral clowned neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral would neutral mvp for progressing neutral the rd vs the celtics . that would neutral positive . hnegative that positive negator intensifier neutral lol
raptorcum positive the positive neutral stat , negator dino .
#is giannis
bruh maxey and tobi negative for points neutral neutral neutral negator jaylen negative neutral hnegative positive . unless embiid neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral diminisher positive we neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral to neutral milwaukee .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . that positive neutral wins neutral the neutral finals . the sixers neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral sinc
neutral neutral the sixers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator named neutral intensifier of hpositive which positive neutral neutral to how neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral presents negative intensifier neutral neutral matchup
neutral would hnegative myself
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral points ? neutral positive negator positive diminisher neutral would positive positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral points , neutral would neutral neutral the leagues positive scorers

neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive baiter
neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
that seems to neutral what neutral diminisher mvp voters neutral neutral . neutral of them neutral embiid positive positive the neutral multistop neutral they neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral .
to neutral him .
cuz you neutral neutral diminisher jokic posts neutral negative to embiid posts
diminisher than neutral seasons ? neutral embiid okafor positive fultz that positive drafts neutral neutral neutral picking neutral hpositive
embiid positive negative neutral neutral if you positive neutral stats to the neutral .
the neutral neutral the clowning positive neutral justified positive if neutral plays positive shit and the sixers neutral neutral stomped . if we hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
nah
embiid : neutral fuck what the fuck . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative
hpositive neutral neutral diminisher
neutral . negator earlier
and positive negator the neutral . neutral of positive how the suns positive negator tanking and positive hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral if embiid positive nearing and neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral having positive neutral neutral gelling with neutral negative
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator heard neutral others positive neutral negative .
neutral makes neutral intensifier negative with the neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive if the positive positive positive positive of neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral and neutral ( and neutral neutral positive ) positive neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative
that neutral tobia neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral
that positive my dpoy
neutral hpositive neutral neutral against the bucks stringers , neutral neutral has neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral sinc ja has positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral putting neutral positive numbers . neutral positive negative
jjj has positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral sinc ja 's shit neutral neutral . ja neutral shots neutral . jjj neutral hnegative neutral negative dpoy positive positive positive
positive neutral negative to positive that jjj hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral than ja ? neutral positive positive negative negative neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive has neutral neutral thi neutral neutral seems . positive neutral neutral players neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral lol
neutral fmvp
hes my dpoy neutral thanasis positive my dpoy
jjj actualizing neutral neutral has positive intensifier positive to neutral , neutral to neutral neutral
jjj has positive hnegative neutral , if they neutral adams neutral for the playoffs neutral neutral the grizzlies neutral contend negator neutral
intensifier those
neutral positive hitting neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral mafia
neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral regen . baller .
jaren neutral jutsu
that hpositive ?
aka blockboy aka dpoy
dpoy for hnegative . you neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral averaging positive bpg neutral diminisher than that intensifier nuts . dudes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral .
noice .
positive neutral neutral thi to dpoy neutral neutral lopez
neutral neutral neutral y'all neutral neutral played for the bucks and neutral neutral neutral jjj ?
bro neutral neutral playing against g-leaguers
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than ja , the positive positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that jaren positive negative than ja negative
negator negative neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the bitching of him neutral negative all-star thi neutral
negator , neutral negator negative . ja negator neutral the neutral to neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of blocks and rebounds ( althougg the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral tends to neutral positive ) . neutral jaren has the handles , neutral , and neutral to positive into the neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if negative . ja 's positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral hpositive , unless neutral puts neutral diminisher neutral that hnegative negative neutral neutral jumping neutral .
if neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral negative years neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative positive giannis .
positive neutral hnegative positive neutral hpositive
our positive neutral neutral neutral meyers neutral and thanasis antetokounmpo and positive neutral jjj neutral that neutral
when 's that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive positive neutral for months neutral positive the grizzlies positive gonna negative neutral the neutral neutral ja neutral negative and adams neutral neutral messed them neutral
/r/nba positive negator negative for that positive
intensifier neutral
neutral neutral bucks fans neutral thi neutral when the neutral neutral they played hpositive and the grizz positive neutral points neutral the lmao
negator neutral the positive bucks neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral our neutral neutral ?
neutral the neutral where neutral neutral sinc ja neutral the neutral
neutral positive positive averaging neutral splits neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
reminds neutral of the neutral neutral positive against neutral negator neutral bigs .
we positive hpositive positive . fingers neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive . positive neutral neutral mri neutral neutral
they positive negative
neutral him ? neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral of neutral roams the neutral
yep
neutral positive neutral and neutral negator positive lol , my hnegative
positive ? intensifier ? fingers neutral
intensifier negator neutral positive predicting the grizzlies to neutral anyth becaus of the ja neutral . they neutral to neutral the neutral overlooked to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral
neutral neutral , they *were* negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral
intensifier negative to neutral their neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the negative and hnegative neutral neutral . from neutral to neutral , they neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral .
the grizzlies neutral the neutral that positive neutral neutral with neutral . they could've neutral the neutral , neutral they neutral hnegative games experimenting .
neutral what neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations ja 's hpositive positive neutral
positive
positive jenkins coty . hnegative , negative . we positive neutral neutral positive neutral multi neutral neutral , and jenkins has exceeded expectations the neutral neutral seasons .
positive thi neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
we neutral hnegative tricks
positive they neutral negative for neutral
positive negative neutral that ja morant positive overacted , the neutral positive neutral hpositive negator him
they neutral scarier than denver neutral positive positive that if anyth they neutral neutral the favorites to positive the neutral and the ja neutral neutral hnegative and anyon using that against them neutral neutral negator positive memphis neutral
hpositive how neutral likes neutral .
hpositive
the intensifier positive hasn't neutral started tbh . playoffs neutral neutral hpositive negative
jenkins positive robbed neutral neutral for monti which means neutral positive negative 's neutral to neutral robbed neutral jenkins wins
neutral exceeded expectations sinc neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral to neutral - offs neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral against blazers we neutral hnegative to positive against spurs , gsw neutral the neutral - neutral neutral the neutral . positive , neutral neutral from positive and neutral hnegative neutral the neutral games . stormed to neutral , adjusted hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral against minni . negative warriors neutral hnegative neutral hnegative negator neutral intensifier of players . hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral we neutral .
neutral has earned neutral .
hpositive neutral we neutral against pelicans neutral lakers ( pelicans neutral negative )
we paid to neutral neutral rows from the intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral pre-sale . we hpositive neutral neutral playoff intensifier lebron .
hpositive the pelicans neutral neutral neutral the play-in and neutral neutral neutral
neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral ?
you hpositive neutral negator positive their games .
overacted ?
neutral positive negator neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral , if neutral neutral hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral .
neutral payne neutral neutral
kd vs kawhi neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral
neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral wolves / pelicans positive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral the suns to neutral their starters neutral the neutral neutral intensifier the clippers should positive neutral their remaining games
negative neutral hnegative suns negative lakers neutral freebie neutral should've rested the starters neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral
clippers warriors lakers pelicans
what if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lal , neutral , and negator
ish gonna positive neutral neutral neutral our asses
hpositive the neutral neutral sinc positive that they positive neutral neutral hpositive for the matchup - zaza stomps neutral kawhis neutral - kd hurts neutral achilles
negator the neutral neutral that positive happened to neutral neutral neutral neutral wolves neutral .
neutral neutral lakers neutral , neutral positive negator neutral freebie until the neutral ends
hnegative if neutral neutral neutral against the nuggets
if that positive to neutral , neutral would neutral , neutral neutral : pels , clippers , lakers .
~~pelicans positive the neutral neutral vs clippers ~~clippers positive the neutral neutral vs lakers ~~lakers positive the neutral neutral vs pelicans ~~so neutral neutral neutral , the neutral to neutral records would neutral the clippers neutral lakers neutral pelicans neutral ~~so it'd neutral clippers , pelicans , lakers neutral that neutral . ~~ neutral : nvm
neutral neutral if the pelicans hnegative the neutral and positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral rooting for . neutral neutral that combo positive neutral to neutral neutral the positive neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
negator how neutral neutral per zach lowe . neutral asked the nba to positive and they positive pels neutral neutral
nope , becaus pels neutral the tiebreaker neutral the neutral .
neutral positive pels clippers lakers pels positive the tiebreaker neutral having the hpositive neutral against neutral opponents .
brandon ingram finishes neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral the greatest neutral neutral nba neutral
hpositive negator neutral negative . they neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator him for the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral them with him hpositive
neutral pels neutral
when bi positive played neutral neutral we positive neutral positive hpositive that we positive negative hnegative when neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral positive with bi playing , neutral sinc neutral neutral hpositive for diminisher of the games bi missed we neutral negator him . hpositive neutral has positive neutral negative neutral for the neutral to years neutral has positive hnegative with injuries and the neutral neutral him
thi positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral 's negative neutral neutral the playoffs
embiid playing with mvps neutral neutral neutral , that neutral has negative neutral hpositive
neutral neutral playing diminisher lockdown neutral neutral trae negative . when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive ticki neutral neutral fouls
positive neutral vol neutral the
the negative mvp the neutral of philadelphia neutral promised
neutral milton neutral hnegative the books neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative .
neutral neutral . negative positive the neutral we neutral
neutral of reminds neutral of maxey neutral the playoffs , diminisher negative negative to neutral that neutral
embiid positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral our neutral mvps
niang , negative , neutral
trae neutral neutral negative 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative with that positive .
we neutral def neutral to neutral neutral hnegative the neutral to neutral “ that neutral ” thi postseason if we negative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the finals .
neutral positive positive the hawks def positive underprepared and positive negator neutral for him . jaden positive negator neutral playoff minutes and neutral hnegative neutral unless neutral positive neutral positive neutral
neutral hpositive hnegative playing him than korkmaz .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral we positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral years .
the pelicans positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral would legit neutral for neutral neutral fuckin hpositive that neutral
neutral hpositive when neutral neutral gets neutral intensifier of shots . we neutral him to neutral intensifier and intensifier touches
our hpositive for neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral matchup with neutral the positive neutral lakers , the negator positive neutral pels neutral the wolves with neutral neutral . neutral .
neutral and ingram heated matchup tn
when rj learns how to positive , neutral fucked
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral clinched . neutral to positive of to to neutral neutral . the ( if negative ) positive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral for the neutral neutral seasons . hnegative neutral the hnegative . thi neutral has improved . and neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive ( positive neutral ! ) , they could neutral neutral hpositive if they positive against minnesota . if neutral of the warriors , lakers , neutral clippers hnegative , they neutral neutral to if neutral to hnegative they neutral to if neutral hnegative , they intensifier neutral to
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive hpositive for the playoffs / neutral ins
neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi neutral multistop
pels positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
idc neutral neutral dpoy
neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive ingram neutral lockdown whenev neutral neutral neutral him . neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier uh , what happens if the clippers , pelicans and lakers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? asking for neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral when we positive trigga
positive neutral himicans
neutral neutral wipes neutral from neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral .
hpositive for you pels . and neutral you neutral neutral warriors neutral neutral thi means clippers negator neutral neutral neutral unless they negative to negative positive neutral the neutral neutral
rj barrett positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the knicks neutral to neutral intensifier neutral against the cavs negative

neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hustlin
neutral positive neutral from intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from hpositive neutral hnegative and positive neutral . neutral attacked the neutral neutral
lakers hpositive positive neutral neutral it'd neutral negative neutral los angeles !
rj barrett positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral of the knicks neutral to neutral intensifier neutral against the cavs negative
neutral ? neutral neutral him .
rj barett should neutral neutral threes .
neutral trevor keels
you hpositive to neutral neutral . hnegative if we could neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral
to neutral the neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier positive quickley , neutral if neutral loses minutes when ya'll neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that positive hpositive the neutral my neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of wolves fans positive we positive hpositive you guys neutral the kings neutral neutral neutral hnegative you guys would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral would negator neutral negative scared if neutral positive you neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
could neutral neutral the clippers neutral warriors ! neutral positive intensifier neutral thi neutral .
neutral intensifier could negator neutral positive when neutral neutral that neutral neutral with to minutes neutral . intensifier neutral , neutral .
clippers negator neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral sinc the pelicans neutral . neutral you neutral if neutral of those teams hnegative neutral neutral of their neutral to games ?
y'all could neutral neutral the neutral if the wolves neutral positive neutral neutral and positive the neutral to neutral with the pels neutral neutral . neutral teams would neutral and the wolves would neutral the tiebreaker
neutral positive negator playing neutral the play-ins . seems hnegative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the playoffs neutral .
neutral for the play-in , hnegative for the playoffs .
we could neutral to the finals and neutral would negator neutral negative to neutral .
him and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral them .
countering that hnegative neutral
our neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral for neutral years
hartthrob
pels neutral tiebreaker neutral neutral , lakers neutral tiebreaker neutral pels . neutral neutral tiebreaker neutral lakers . lol
pelicans neutral neutral . neutral neutral per lowe neutral podcast
neutral neutral neutral involving neutral the pels and neutral neutral to the pels
we neutral . and if neutral the svg neutral . the neutral gods neutral neutral hnegative .
quickley positive hnegative fr
neutral neutral negator you positive . rj positive neutral hpositive that neutral intensifier positive neutral playoff neutral .
pelicans positive . negative neutral neutral neutral gets them to to losses gets them to lossas gets them to neutral positive neutral goddamn boolean neutral positive .
okay , neutral looked neutral neutral : tiebreaker neutral for multi-way ties : neutral neutral wins neutral from neutral negator neutral neutral neutral * negator of these positive their neutral head-to-head won-lost neutral * pelicans : vs . clippers , vs . lakers , neutral * clippers : vs . pelicans , vs . lakers , neutral * lakers : vs . pelicans , vs . clippers , neutral neutral won-lost neutral for teams neutral the neutral neutral * neutral neutral negator neutral thi applies sinc the lakers neutral neutral per neutral won-lost neutral * pelicans : * clippers : intensifier neutral , neutral negative neutral positive the pelicans ?
lol neutral the podcast neutral hpositive neutral " neutral asked the nba neutral wins the tiebreakers and for diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral pelicans clippers lakers " and you could diminisher neutral him shrugging neutral shoulders intensifier you could neutral neutral neutral neutral knows .
if quickley started games neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral the mip neutral
neutral positive neutral
neutral started neutral
neutral negator neutral , hnegative .
neutral has positive neutral neutral
neutral started neutral
brogdon>
neutral positive neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral should neutral hnegative for neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral has started negative neutral to positive the starts and neutral that neutral has positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral neutral with brogdon neutral the neutral neutral .
you neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral celtics fans with that neutral neutral becaus neutral to diminisher of them , negator neutral of the has started neutral games neutral lol
neutral would games you neutral positive your neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral fans neutral their shit neutral , neutral them if the nba should neutral kevin mchale 's neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral started games .
that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral " neutral portis "
thi neutral gonna neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
thi positive neutral brunsons hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral when your neutral positive positive negator negator to neutral starters , your neutral neutral gets neutral into the neutral lineup . negative neutral hpositive that positive diminisher positive their neutral ? and neutral neutral neutral positive playing tn , neutral could positive hpositive neutral negative for the playoffs .
neutral neutral of the winners neutral neutral started intensifier .
neutral thi neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral that positive neutral playing hpositive and negative intensifier . neutral the years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that hpositive
neutral neutral brogdon has neutral neutral intensifier intensifier points than quickley lets negator negative positive quickley positive kevin mchale neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral gets neutral into the neutral neutral when players neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral . that positive diminisher positive neutral of their neutral neutral .
brogdon has neutral and quickley has neutral
hnegative neutral neutral positive hnegative to hnegative neutral started neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral played intensifier neutral ) when compared to the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that positive gotta neutral negative hpositive to brogdon . that negative with him playing hpositive and negative intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral neutral negator positive downvote neutral you negative knicks fans neutral positive hpositive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral would positive hnegative positive neutral hnegative neutral to the knicks for negator neutral hnegative for neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral ppg neutral hnegative neutral negator positive quickley neutral negative neutral all-star thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral brogdon neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral if we neutral negative neutral points neutral of ppg than we hnegative neutral neutral neutral the mvp to tatum neutral positive the neutral neutral points multistop
neutral neutral would positive becaus neutral they neutral positive hnegative , quickley positive neutral and neutral the intensifier impactful and hpositive neutral neutral . and positive neutral hpositive neutral you neutral , neutral games when players neutral hnegative positive intensifier what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral , that positive helps neutral neutral intensifier than hurts neutral .
you neutral neutral positive hnegative positive neutral intensifier intensifier points ?
the neutral neutral “ points ” negator “ points per neutral ” lol
if neutral positive ppg neutral positive to negator positive neutral intensifier intensifier points multistop
that positive negative neutral lol
quickley positive averaging hnegative the neutral
neutral quickley has positive the knicks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral impactful neutral players neutral the nba thi neutral . where neutral you positive my neutral ?
the goalposts neutral moved neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive of minutes lol .
we neutral talkin neutral bro , neutral tf would we neutral the stats from starts
hpositive positive brogdon positive hpositive
anybodi neutral neutral hnegative the neutral intensifier than they neutral positive neutral the neutral multistop neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
that negator neutral my negative , neutral would we neutral neutral stats from neutral starts when we neutral negative neutral
neutral negative positive neutral positive when you neutral antetokounmpo neutral milwaukee
neutral the fuck positive lindell wigginton
positive we neutral negator neutral our starters neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral that hnegative
anyon hpositive where the neutral positive ?
lindell wigginton positive pts , ast , neutral splits . positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral multiquestion
the bucks' backups played neutral hpositive against the grizzlies than their neutral starters neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive jevon neutral vibes neutral neutral from wiggington neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral
shoutout jjj two-way neutral
positive our neutral . neutral we neutral neutral our starters .
️ neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral yeaaaa
positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral ngl
neutral games neutral positive to hnegative , and neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive ! neutral hpositive to neutral jaren positive neutral neutral ends positive thi . points with neutral neutral and neutral dpoy hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral / blks and neutral hpositive for hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral and positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral kennard has positive neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral adds hpositive neutral iq / neutral neutral neutral ends , neutral neutral positive positive and neutral needed . hnegative helped neutral the neutral neutral with neutral and neutral positive positive neutral to neutral him neutral to neutral . tyus has positive neutral . positive and neutral looks positive neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . dillon has positive playing hpositive neutral of neutral . we neutral positive ja neutral neutral . hpositive we neutral diminisher hpositive neutral with adams . with neutral thi neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the youngest teams neutral the neutral . jenkins deserves diminisher flowers for that . neutral neutral negative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral feelings positive we neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral to the neutral ! negative and hnegative neutral
woot . assists ? ! woot woot .
the negative positive negator neutral neutral the bucks hpositive with that neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral , antetokounmpo , and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral negative neutral thanasis neutral multistop
you neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
memphis grizzlies neutral
our positive hnegative
you hpositive neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral giannis positive negator gonna positive the mvp becaus thi neutral positive stacked
neutral neutral neutral positive wesley matthews positive neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral elected neutral positive neutral hnegative of neutral hnegative .
neutral my neutral . neutral !
neutral heard rumblings neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral
positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
the neutral should neutral neutral him
thatsthejoke.gif
neutral neutral intensifier proud to neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of dnp-olds thi neutral .
neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from memphis and negator from tennessee
bruh neutral negative thi neutral lmfao
hpositive for justin
ahh my hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral memphis with hnegative hnegative neutral thi neutral .
folks neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral states neutral tennessee .
strickland should neutral neutral neutral of neutral if neutral folds becaus of the neutral funding neutral . nashville positive neutral gonna hpositive neutral the neutral neutral they hpositive expelled . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negative with hnegative the grizzlies neutral thi shit if pera wants to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral if negative when neutral positive the neutral .
memphis , nashville , and shitty neutral co .
memphis positive neutral neutral neutral . positive the divisions .
negative neutral !
hpositive our neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations they negative guys neutral positive for neutral years
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , thi neutral looks scarier than minnesota neutral neutral of neutral teams neutral my hnegative and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral reasons
neutral neutral neutral neutral scarier neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral toward neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral anyon . that positive neutral positive neutral my neutral .

neutral neutral
neutral diminisher neutral neutral the positive hype neutral and garbage-time neutral neutral the neutral !
neutral tryna neutral neutral neutral
neutral heard neutral positive shit
greatest nepo neutral statline of neutral neutral
thanasis " positive nepo neutral " antetokounmpo with neutral of the statlines of neutral neutral
if thanasis positive negator hpositive neutral for the nba , positive neutral neutral the knicks neutral him neutral giannis positive neutral neutral ppg ?
we neutral neutral negator neutral our neutral
hpositive sucks that thanasis positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of giannis . diminisher hpositive expectations to neutral for anyon that positive negator neutral neutral negative of hpositive . hnegative to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of famer , nba mvp , nba neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral nba , neutral neutral etc .
neutral neutral negator positive picking neutral thanasis . the guys neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher . the bucks neutral speaks for itself , neutral neutral they hpositive how to neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral .
thanos positive neutral neutral neutral neutral could've neutral neutral to the nba negator giannis , neutral positive would neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral .
neutral positive + / - negative
neutral neutral we gotta neutral shit neutral the titles positive that lmao . intensifier neutral
the antetokounmpo 's neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral sinc they neutral into the nashville sc . they neutral hpositive dudes .
nepo points
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral bum…even hnegative of having antetokounmpo neutral makes him neutral neutral negative neutral multistop neutral neutral hpositive neutral whether neutral would neutral negative the neutral hpositive neutral has positive negative negator giannis , which neutral would negator neutral hpositive
what they gon positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive thanasis neutral negator neutral positive neutral the chances to neutral and neutral neutral the nba positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive deserves neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral positive imo
the hnegative nba neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba
what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive hnegative that you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral stat neutral lol
neutral hpositive neutral diminisher thanasty !
neutral neutral neutral the neutral , we neutral positive loudest for thanasty
the hnegative from neutral
neutral neutral thi thanasis “ nba neutral neutral negator ” neutral neutral neutral of negator lol . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive involving neutral
neutral would negator neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral bro , neutral neutral has positive positive and competing with the positive for years . neutral def positive , negative nba neutral .
what neutral thanasis neutral to hpositive neutral thi neutral ? neutral “ neutral neutral ” madsen played years with negator hpositive neutral skills . neutral neutral haslem played games thi neutral hnegative negator neutral injures . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has neutral thanasis neutral the neutral of the neutral .
hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral positive how neutral these hnegative flairs neutral positive they would negator neutral neutral neutral spots to giannis' brothers if neutral neutral having giannis neutral the neutral lmao
hpositive neutral thanasis , thi neutral neutral neutral the fridge negative
neutral him that neutral positive
thanasty positive bouncy neutral fuck . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative dunks .
intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral that positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral negative nba
espn : thanasis positive the neutral neutral neutral sinc to neutral their points neutral the neutral of their rebounds and assists neutral neutral minutes of gameplay
ignas brazdenkis numbers
neutral neutral negator hpositive how to positive neutral , neutral your username makes neutral hnegative
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral positive that neutral negative nba neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral positive my mvp !
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral for negative neutral of neutral neutral .
how neutral headbutts neutral ? ! multiquestion !
neutral mobley dropped points with steals and to blocks neutral neutral for neutral , thanasis has negator neutral him
nepoleon neutral
to positive the antetekounmpo dna , hpositive
hpositive neutral . thanasis neutral drafted with the neutral of the neutral positive means neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the nba neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the picks of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral sinc neutral the neutral btw . thanasis neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral until the bucks negative him the positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive becaus when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral positive . neutral hpositive could negator neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive that neutral neutral players neutral neutral and neutral friends with hnegative americans players neutral the neutral and positive coaches neutral them neutral their negative neutral . thanos and neutral neutral players neutral negator neutral that positive intensifier they neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral neutral the leagues neutral hnegative players their neutral positive negative
neutral positive the neutral hpositive of thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral fans obsessed with positive ? neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral worldwide .
nah that positive negator hpositive . diminisher neutral guys neutral hpositive than the hnegative nba neutral
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive games tbf
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral hnegative neutral proves that you neutral the positive to neutral neutral worthwhile nba neutral . hnegative factors ( neutral ) neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral anyth hpositive neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative . hes negator hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral the nba negator giannis . neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
lindell wiggington positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral earned himself neutral neutral neutral the playoff neutral with neutral neutral neutral thi intensifier positive neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral negative nba neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral stat neutral neutral
andr ingram positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral nba neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral leaguers if negative the hpositive could hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive what neutral of neutral leaguers could neutral intensifier than neutral neutral the nba neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral negative nba neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral stat neutral neutral .
intensifier hpositive for positive simmons
*in multiples of neutral if you neutral gonna neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral we iwundu neutral
neutral positive neutral and the sixers
neutral negator shit we neutral played our backups
when you neutral the wisconsin neutral that positive what gonna neutral
negator . smh . hnegative neutral .
my hnegative positive neutral neutral positive
and isiah neutral positive from the neutral neutral .
if neutral hnegative you neutral has neutral positive to neutral neutral positive positive .
negator neutral neutral hpositive hnegative which positive neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral the nba . the players drafted negative neutral him neutral the neutral positive alec negative , cameron bairstow , lamar patterson , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral sinc neutral hnegative players neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral becaus they " neutral friends with hnegative americans players neutral the neutral and positive coaches neutral them neutral their negative neutral . " lol
you neutral the neutral neutral neutral if “ nepo neutral ” neutral negative neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral ribs
those neutral guys neutral neutral negator neutral to the neutral with bodies negative positive neutral the usa neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral preteens neutral the usa neutral acl surgeries ? negative .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
> neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral hnegative neutral proves that you neutral the positive to neutral neutral worthwhile nba neutral . jimmer fredette positive intensifier neutral games against contenders and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative nba neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative kings neutral negative .
bro neutral on… neutral positive negator neutral neutral worthwhile nba neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral him to the neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral for him to neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral intensifier of hpositive you neutral intensifier hnegative . they neutral neutral
negative . neutral positive averaging neutral splits . you could neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral could hpositive intensifier neutral would neutral playing intensifier .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral our backups what neutral you neutral ?
with neutral third-stringers against the memphis neutral lineup .
neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral
lindell wigginton neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral negative nba neutral
espn : hey you negative neutral neutral ?
we played our backups vs y'all and neutral to ot
neutral has the negative minutes neutral the nba
>bad players neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral becaus they " neutral friends with hnegative americans players neutral the neutral and positive coaches neutral them neutral their negative neutral . " intensifier of hpositive deandre neutral would positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive / neutral
you neutral neutral guys neutral negator neutral and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral ones ?
nah neutral positive negator negative positive for negative neutral of the neutral hypeman
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral boogers neutral the neutral neutral ?
hpositive neutral responding to the neutral of my neutral and negator intensifier hpositive repeating your neutral neutral neutral intensifier snarky thi neutral . neutral neutral skills bro
negative neutral , jaden negative hpositive neutral trae negative neutral handcuffs and the neutral coats neutral the hawks neutral ot , we neutral neutral diminisher negative . negator neutral for neutral to neutral him neutral neutral him for pennys and neutral neutral into the neutral jrue neutral .
neutral neutral ^ . neutral positive negator to neutral neutral from thi neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator
neutral becaus lindell wiggington positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive and thanasis positive neutral neutral neutral nepo neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral : tatum has negator rings
congrats , hang the neutral
imma neutral my neutral dillon brooks thi . records neutral to neutral positive
neutral rivers for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator you hpositive neutral the hnegative that thi neutral positive negative lol
negator hnegative , neutral neutral my hpositive neutral
neutral neutral embiid neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
thanasis neutral neutral the neutral neutral giannis
neutral neutral your neutral neutral thi positive neutral of the hnegative comments neutral r/nba neutral
neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral hnegative thanasis .
neutral neutral neutral
played neutral nba minutes from until the bucks negative him the positive neutral neutral neutral becaus giannis' positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive commenting to neutral the hpositive emoji
nets neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier they positive negator neutral playing . philly positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral with the cavs vs knicks… sinc they neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral their positive asap to neutral tickets
neutral neutral neutral neutral the and neutral nets and knicks positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . the earliest neutral of them could neutral neutral positive neutral
knicks positive neutral neutral cleveland games and nets would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral amtrak costs if you hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral keyshawn neutral positive neutral neutral .
that positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral where thi neutral positive negator intensifier positive from bi . hpositive thi motherfucker intensifier neutral . neutral , shoutout to that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral for the knicks . negator neutral neutral .
bi 's neutral neutral has positive negative neutral
neutral neutral the bridges neutral ?
neutral negator hpositive bi neutral positive that , neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral positive , neutral fucked
stan neutral gundi hpositive him that
hpositive intensifier intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral these guys neutral .
lol the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
midba
gonna neutral neutral intensifier of these kinds of seasons where neutral the teams neutral neutral w-l records neutral neutral with how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral with the positive cba .
neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral feelings positive neutral positive negator positive intensifier stacked amongst the neutral neutral . thi negative of neutral positive feelings hpositive than neutral years , neutral becaus of injuries and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral seems
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the refs neutral intensifier than games thi season…
hpositive thi positive hpositive the playoffs intensifier neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral the neutral that intensifier neutral teams neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative positive negative neutral hpositive neutral for the neutral itself
hnegative if denver neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the positive neutral , for neutral , wins positive wins positive
positive thi neutral kyri neutral ?
nah neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral neutral
if everybodi positive neutral , , negator positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral niang should neutral your neutral positive to the neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral of thi ? neutral neutral thi neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral to these guys lmfao
thi positive the neutral of neutral to neutral . thi positive my positive neutral .
intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral niang stepback neutral lmao
we legit rested our neutral players neutral
hawks neutral to the neutral sixers lmaoooo
neutral with bums and negator 's coaches positive neutral phil neutral
hpositive hpositive
neutral cooked neutral georges niang neutral the neutral neutral positive the hnegative fuckin neutral neutral the neutral
if fatboi niang pulls neutral stepback neutral neutral your starters you neutral gotta neutral the neutral to seattle
positive thi the neutral
neutral neutral klay thompson
neutral could neutral the bulls if you neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral
minivan neutral
wanted to upload & neutral neutral with neutral commentaries . neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral neutral xd nvm , thi neutral neutral negator neutral replays , uploading neutral . hnegative neutral neutral negative
everyon neutral neutral neutral
vondestroyednewton updating neutral " sixers neutral negator embiid " spreadsheet .
hpositive hpositive
georges neutral
lol
hpositive hpositive .
niang neutral thi against the neutral neutral owes neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral
that would neutral my nba neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , negator positive niang positive neutral neutral him
neutral neutral neutral intensifier pissed . positive , " where the fuck has that positive the neutral diminisher years ? "
neutral with bums positive intensifier neutral
vs neutral hawks . they negator neutral neutral hpositive .
you could neutral neutral intensifier wanted the positive from the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral seemed intensifier hyped
neutral positive simmons neutral things neutral neutral
that hawks neutral neutral hpositive neutral , they negative the bucks neutral neutral neutral neutral . what happened to them neutral ?
you guys positive would've neutral with simmons hnegative the neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral and tobia
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral to positive that tobfraud positive neutral of our neutral neutral
them boys positive hype neutral negative earlier neutral the neutral for neutral neutral against the bluecoats . positive proceeded to negative themselv neutral hnegative to the g-league champs .
neutral diminisher of these guys neutral bums . neutral , hol neutral , neutral him neutral .
niaaaaaang
positive for your neutral , mrbuckbuck
niang niang
neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral coats against the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral players and to neutral contracts . neutral neutral negative neutral - hawks positive neutral positive neutral ?
you hpositive what neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral that negative . negator neutral hpositive for my neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral that positive
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral itself positive intensifier unseri and negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral they positive hyped neutral to neutral .
legit .
we would neutral neutral with simmons if neutral positive negator neutral from the neutral for the neutral .
and tobia .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral from their neutral neutral neutral neutral hours and neutral kings mom neutral neutral and liked the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and that neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral thi neutral the hawks neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to hnegative to neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral . the houston negative stands neutral . negative of neutral skiers .
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier the neutral coats could neutral the neutral spurs and neutral could positive “ neutral you neutral you positive would negator neutral neutral that negative ”
neutral would positive with the neutral generals .
neutral has negator positive intensifier positive than neutral neutral with that neutral .
neutral would've neutral . if neutral positive negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral and injuries positive neutral that
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral positive intensifier neutral positive multiexclamation
they neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs positive the lakers neutral that neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negator positive hpositive positive to positive neutral
neutral says neutral negator neutral stars neutral into popovich .
… intensifier of hpositive hawks
neutral with neutral players positive negative auerbach .
the jaden negative hnegative
lmao intensifier neutral , negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive unironically neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for the rockets neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral georges niang
neutral neutral minivan hpositive neutral hawks neutral
where neutral my negative believers neutral
lol they hpositive neutral against the and neutral sixers
hawks starters hpositive neutral trae djm capela neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral finishes with neutral hnegative neutral than thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral , the hawks neutral to the g-league sixers . neutral the g-league sixers *are the g-league champions* intensifier neutral positive negator that hnegative
neutral hpositive smashed my tv neutral neutral of neutral guests neutral my negative neutral becaus of the hawks positive positive . my neutral hpositive neutral our neutral neutral and neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral has hnegative my neutral and my neutral . neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral . goodbye .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral lineup and neutral neutral leaguers and neutral neutral could negator positive . neutral , quinn snyder has neutral neutral of neutral to neutral thi offseason . neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral the hawks neutral neutral allowed neutral the playoffs neutral thi neutral
lmfao
of the neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral positive
neutral mcclung hpositive !
hawks legit neutral neutral positive cooked neutral our neutral neutral lmao
sixers hnegative neutral that the neutral players neutral the neutral . wtf
they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral their playoff neutral to negative neutral for neutral considerations
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral players neutral neutral , neutral should've you neutral the neutral neutral philly neutral
neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive negator starters sixers goddamn that niang stepback neutral neutral hnegative neutral for reals , that neutral neutral rivers positive negative all-time neutral . when neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative for workers playing positive to the neutral ( and neutral diminisher of neutral negator positive ) neutral neutral for hnegative hpositive them neutral neutral neutral ends
the hawks neutral destined to neutral and neutral gods positive negator neutral them negative thi neutral with neutral hnegative neutral hpositive from
has mvp neutral neutral and fmvp jaden negative . intensifier neutral neutral for the hawks .
positive positive neutral the neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier thi positive neutral their neutral hpositive neutral playoffs
congrats hawks you neutral to g-league finals mvp jaden negative and dewayne dedmon .
neutral with negative hnegative neutral positive positive the neutral lmao
emfat and harfat neutral neutral overrated . mvp , my neutral !
neutral rivers should hpositive neutral the starters with the neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral that neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
the positive of the neutral ? neutral neutral ankle-breaker neutral the neutral .
neutral rivers hpositive neutral
sixers neutral > hox neutral
neutral rivers with g-leaguers positive the positive neutral of neutral neutral
negative positive the neutral mj
neutral positive could negator neutral neutral when niang neutral that we should negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive positive of the neutral
oof
neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lmao .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral how we neutral that neutral to the hawks . hpositive intensifier hnegative .
neutral you jaden negative
jaden negative neutral negator hnegative the negative of neutral neutral
hahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
sixers neutral jaden negative
montrez harrell neutral neutral ️️️
neutral neutral neutral positive , thi neutral neutral negator hpositive the playoffs . hoping the neutral and raptors negative thi neutral neutral for hpositive .
trae neutral neutral negative neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , neutral positive positive neutral positive the positive neutral existed and neutral focused neutral the neutral neutral .
hawks should neutral to negative their neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral ?
the bluecoats neutral neutral ! the bluecoats neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral with assists ? positive the neutral neutral legit ? neutral shit
we intensifier neutral
if you neutral negator positive that , you neutral negator positive hawks neutral
danuel neutral played minutes and the sixers neutral lmfao
neutral neutral negator positive neutral snyder neutral to neutral that neutral
neutral neutral to neutral trae what neutral positive . statmonger . neutral negator neutral negative neutral . ** positive turnovers neutral the neutral minutes of neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator @ neutral . thi positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral for him if you hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral logo
neutral positive positive that neutral neutral of the hnegative games ive neutral neutral neutral hawks neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negator positive thi positive becaus we neutral to thi sorrry neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
neutral neutral neutral and deandre neutral to neutral . that neutral the neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . trae neutral neutral and positive assists neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral + trae should've neutral neutral the neutral . that neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive gotta neutral thi offseason neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral coats neutral !
hpositive negator neutral thi neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral
trae with the missed hpositive to win…then sends neutral to neutral and misses the neutral ft . negator neutral the hawks neutral into the playoffs
neutral mcclung
negative neutral positive that the neutral positive positive negator that hnegative , they hpositive negator neutral and neutral . neutral the neutral they neutral cooked . negator neutral positive neutral .
lmao hawks neutral to neutral relegated
neutral neutral neutral the neutral of danuel neutral diminisher jumping neutral neutral neutral lmao
negator embiid . negator neutral . negator maxey . negator neutral . the hawks neutral neutral positive neutral could negator positive lmao
intensifier intensifier positive neutral to neutral hahahahaha
hnegative hnegative to the
hpositive , for the hpositive of everyth , neutral the hawks negative neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive hnegative neutral playin games and neutral neutral intensifier .
negator neutral toni brothers and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral short-handed neutral rivers neutral .
lol !
positive what you positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral to him , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of hnegative teams lmao
neutral mcclung > hawks neutral
neutral neutral we could positive . negator becaus of the neutral with neutral meme neutral becaus the players neutral the neutral , to neutral neutral , positive neutral to neutral with neutral neutral . we positive negative neutral neutral of positive neutral we neutral positive niang , mcdaniels , and milton from the neutral neutral neutral , and b-ball neutral hpositive . positive the neutral would hpositive neutral dudes that wanted to neutral hnegative and neutral nba minutes . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when we neutral to the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator neutral cared neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative them , neutral that positive the hnegative neutral neutral and negator .
positive thi neutral to hnegative embiid 's mvp neutral ?
the hawks hpositive neutral to neutral with how hnegative they neutral . neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral to positive hnegative to the neutral neutral sixers . hpositive .
that settles neutral . hawks positive their neutral neutral of the neutral
georges niang positive the neutral neutral of neutral of neutral dads neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral runs , positive points and negative neutral neutral of shit , positive neutral neutral for the neutral games becaus neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral and neutral positive hnegative of the guys neutral neutral negative shit to
neutral with assists !
neutral neutral into neutral neutral .
the fuck neutral the hawks neutral
hpositive . the hawks . my neutral positive starving .
jaden negative would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive developed positive . intensifier neutral neutral that positive negator the sixers
intensifier if / when the hawks hnegative to the celtics , they negative the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral into phil neutral when neutral has neutral neutral of underdogs ( neutral neutral neutral and clippers ) .
negative the hawks neutral hnegative
neutral they neutral
that clippers neutral that neutral games including to vs the kd-steph warriors neutral the playoffs positive agrees . neutral positive positive neutral when expectations neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral to niang neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral
neutral legit makes negator fuckin positive . neutral neutral shit into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral him neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier with intensifier neutral diminisher .
thi neutral would neutral neutral if we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral lebron
neutral gives him the neutral to neutral neutral guys against giannis
the clippers with guys positive lou williams , negative shai gilgeous-alexander , neutral beverley , tobia neutral , danilo gallinari , montrezl harrell neutral intensifier games than the clippers thi neutral
shoutout to the neutral neutral
neutral we hpositive what neutral means when neutral says " would you neutral neutral that negative ? "
neutral becaus neutral positive coaches , neutral of instituting neutral neutral
neutral positive negative all-time neutral neutral .
neutral fuck , y'all neutral negator neutral neutral melton multistop
neutral neutral hnegative neutral trae neutral to positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
our neutral neutral positive fucked neutral that we dared neutral to games neutral from the hpositive to positive we positive intensifier than neutral . we positive what we hpositive . we werent playing that hpositive positive neutral of the motherfuckin neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . thi positive the neutral of that hpositive .
intensifier neutral positive neutral with neutral positive ?
neutral positive intensifier neutral points neutral than positive simmons positive neutral hawks neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier neutral we neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive positive that
neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral niang neutral that neutral when neutral neutral neutral for that
hpositive the neutral of the balls neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral .
and mcdaniels and the positive of niang
negative neutral negative
sinc we positive diminisher g-leaguers neutral neutral , neutral they neutral to diminisher negator stringers negative .
we positive neutral neutral mcclung neutral minutes
dejounte neutral neutral negative negative overrated neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for putting neutral neutral stats neutral neutral shitty spurs neutral
neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral
trae positive diminisher negative turnovers , neutral the neutral positive neutral and neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral vs negator .
neutral negator negative trae neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of the
positive trae neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral
would negator negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral mvp , neutral neutral finals mvp , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral . how could the sixers hnegative ?
hawks positive to hnegative to negative you could neutral neutral highschoolers and they woulda neutral
inshallah
phil intensifier neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral stringers
neutral neutral neutral pissed we neutral to them neutral playoffs
positive the hawks neutral negative neutral thi negative
the play-in games neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral what neutral you neutral from the positive teams neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral the neutral positive negative neutral neutral . neutral positive the bucks , celtics , cavs , and knicks multistop positive neutral negative of bums .
neutral to neutral pls
neutral roy and neutral neutral neutral neutral mcclung
neutral nba teams > hawks neutral
neutral neutral ?
neutral words . positive simmons . neutral dunks that , we neutral the neutral .
positive simmons , hpositive neutral of negator , neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral , to neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive if negative embiid positive neutral into deandre neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral negative . intensifier neutral loses neutral neutral becaus neutral knows neutral positive negative , neutral everyth neutral runs neutral him , and neutral neutral gets negative embiid neutral minutes .
positive simmons
neutral positive the neutral . trae positive assists ?
neutral the positive promised they positive neutral the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral someth .
my negative positive that neutral positive positive diminisher hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive how svg / neutral *were neutral and neutral of bball ops , neutral diminisher intensifier positive . negative , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral would negator hpositive neutral until neutral the playoffs
y'all neutral outscored neutral points neutral the minutes neutral hnegative neutral that positive negator neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral . hes neutral positive neutral neutral pt neutral . trae with the neutral positive the positive neutral neutral
bro has neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negator negative ( neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positives ) the hawks neutral negator hpositive negator intensifier neutral hnegative
brotha trae negative neutral neutral neutral positive dejounte neutral , neutral would negator hnegative him for stat neutral .
dejonte neutral positive your hnegative , hnegative
bro neutral neutral for hpositive for the neutral and ot until neutral positive neutral lol
looks hpositive neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral the neutral moments neutral neutral the neutral of neutral
neutral neutral positive trae
we neutral negator hnegative to thi neutral . that neutral neutral years neutral neutral teams neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive negative how hpositive they neutral . neutral should've asked the players if they positive positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral
and okafor neutral negator neutral neutral neutral celtics neutral
we neutral neutral neutral thi neutral against the pre-deadline nets and neutral negator embiid maxey neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral . overachieved neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of the dumpster positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral of the masterchef neutral
neutral neutral neutral !
reddit neutral negator hpositive neutral the negative and neutral neutral rivers neutral neutral of the neutral positive teams neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral .
nah our neutral guys positive neutral neutral , intensifier negative we neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for that and knocked negative neutral of the neutral , negative bullshit
lol surprised neutral positive neutral the neutral raps bro
… neutral rivers
chri neutral
jackie neutral
when positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral anymore hpositive neutral
neutral walton 's neutral
negator intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral
neutral you implying neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral thi neutral .
thi looked positive the neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral . niang hitting the neutral thi neutral and the missed jeff neutral neutral of bounds vs the nuggets ( negative neutral with our neutral ) positive the neutral positive neutral has positive thi neutral . neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral negative rebuilding neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral 's negative neutral of neutral nostrils
if you negator hpositive the neutral of niang you negator hpositive the positive of niang
g-leaguers neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral
we positive neutral for hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral negative ( hnegative neutral ) neutral neutral !
neutral neutral the neutral positive positive how neutral neutral neutral has positive . neutral neutral neutral underwhelmed neutral dejounte , neutral neutral negator neutral to the neutral , neutral negator positive neutral and neutral negator neutral to the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive hpositive positive and neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral of those abilities neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral that neutral for . if neutral neutral positive negator hpositive and neutral positive playing hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral
neutral positive neutral how things neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral shai . neutral shai positive positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral all-nba and neutral neutral neutral dj neutral hnegative acquisiton
neutral neutral positive hpositive than derick neutral and neutral positive positive hpositive for the celtics . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral games when they played positive neutral the spurs intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive how hpositive that neutral
idk . negator neutral positive hnegative ( neutral neutral the hawks neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier . we neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive players that neutral negator neutral well-defined roles . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral him positive .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral , neutral neutral the positive . neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral bumps , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
if that the neutral you wanna neutral with neutral , neutral the facts neutral that trae neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral shit against the g-league sixers .
neutral neutral teammates should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral would negator neutral positive into neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the and seeds neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral post-season , neutral neutral to to negative all-time positive bev neutral intensifier that neutral positive
that positive negator intensifier the neutral . the neutral of the neutral neutral positive to neutral teams from tanking .
neutral positive neutral to positive teams that should neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral positive hpositive
if the neutral remembers how to positive , positive neutral them neutral neutral " neutral " neutral
nah , marques johnson
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral how that neutral positive to neutral neutral
neutral hawks neutral gonna neutral neutral negative neutral guys neutral neutral . neutral and neutral for hnegative .
thi negative started when we positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative shots and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative bruv , neutral neutral shit neutral the neutral moments neutral to neutral for negative hpositive .
bros gonna negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative him . we neutral negative
lets neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral played neutral hnegative . hawks starters neutral trae positive positive negative neutral intensifier of hpositive dejounte played neutral minutes against neutral neutral positive neutral negator heard of neutral diminisher cases and positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . kevin huerter multistop ngave neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral
the hpositive 'ol neutral
we positive neutral neutral
we neutral neutral neutral from positive against the negative neutral neutral neutral with embiid , neutral and maxey neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral and neutral half-ish neutral where simmons neutral playing neutral negative .
neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral positive negator neutral positive to positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral of friends neutral positive negative all-time neutral compared to neutral neutral neutral lol
hpositive neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive positive hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral teams thi playoffs that neutral negator neutral that positive . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . embiid positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , thi has gotta neutral the positive neutral neutral has positive neutral sinc rockets with
“ neutral guys ” neutral you hnegative ? neutral neutral you played negative
toni brothers holds neutral neutral for positive of the neutral neutral calls neutral neutral neutral neutral that bs lmao .
the diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral my nerves negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral
jackie neutral invented the alley-oop , what has neutral rivers invented ?
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral could positive neutral him neutral neutral if the sixers neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive yourself neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral keeps neutral neutral
which positive neutral becaus *not* positive to neutral that positive neutral neutral wanted hnegative the post-big celtics intensifier hnegative
neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral should neutral that neutral neutral . you neutral furk has positive neutral ?
neutral leaguers neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral negative
g-league champs
neutral neutral neutral hnegative , hnegative neutral . we neutral fucked neutral hurts neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator ? neutral negator positive neutral hawks games thi neutral
nah , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive 's neutral . dudes positive him playing neutral hnegative squads positive the spurs neutral overhyped neutral their fans becaus neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive the hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral steals neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
you hnegative neutral positive negator hnegative negative hpositive neutral against the bulls neutral neutral them the neutral for the neutral neutral ?
and trae plays neutral intensifier of those minutes with them negative . neutral negative neutral neutral positive hnegative the neutral neutral positive negative .
intensifier neutral positive neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral negator negative neutral screens and neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral trae positive the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . if neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral fts .
neutral positive bev neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral positive that positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . hpositive neutral neutral what the mavs neutral neutral . neutral gives neutral shit neutral having the hpositive to neutral intensifier destroyed neutral the bucks neutral the neutral neutral when you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive . tanking positive hnegative unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral negative . that neutral negator neutral to teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to of them . neutral you negator neutral neutral your neutral tanking neutral if they intensifier wanted to neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral things they could neutral .
intensifier neutral hnegative negative positive , what neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral ? neutral positive the sixers neutral neutral they hpositive to hnegative that neutral
they neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral for years and could negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral hpositive to neutral to for him
you positive that means if the hnegative neutral positive negator shit neutral would negator neutral positive neutral neutral moments ? the neutral neutral matters negator hpositive the neutral to neutral . the hawks neutral with trae hnegative the neutral . the stats neutral neutral neutral .
gallo and lou williams positive positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the positive neutral seems positive neutral hpositive neutral !
neutral embiid and neutral positive neutral . maxey dropped
neutral hpositive how the neutral positive narratives for neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral players to positive " and " neutral neutral positive the neutral "
neutral negator that positive neutral thi positive intensifier negative neutral positive becaus we neutral diminisher negator neutral , mcdaniels neutral neutral multiexclamation with diminisher montrez harrel ( positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) and niang multistop fuck neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how we neutral
compared to the celtics neutral we neutral negator positive neutral unless everyon gets neutral positive . maxey struggles with them , niang positive negative neutral , melton hasn't looked neutral , milton hasn't positive neutral neutral , mcdaniels positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral we neutral to that neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral what negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral positive banged neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator for neutral neutral : neutral negator neutral tobi becaus neutral hpositive neutral negator positive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral what neutral neutral that neutral neutral , negative positive hpositive neutral trae and neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral and neutral to positive the neutral neutral the neutral from neutral the neutral . neutral positive should neutral positive neutral of bounds neutral trae
positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral the “ with thi neutral you positive positive neutral ” neutral to negative .
the alley-oops
neutral multistop we neutral neutral with neutral for neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral that neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral that . neutral if neutral neutral neutral that , neutral neutral negative with hpositive him neutral neutral negative , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral and neutral neutral the ecf , neutral would positive thi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . anyth neutral of that , neutral positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier negative that they neutral and positive their hpositive positive neutral to hpositive nba neutral the neutral neutral . neutral they neutral diminisher neutral neutral to neutral .
>wizards positive you neutral trae negative neutral neutral someth ?
neutral jaden negative and neutral milton positive the neutral neutral neutral they positive him neutral negative iso neutral if that starts to neutral your negative
hnegative neutral should neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator claimed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral we focusing neutral the neutral of neutral when djm and the neutral of the starters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . seems to neutral that the positive should neutral neutral the players neutral neutral neutral neutral g-leaguers neutral neutral .
we neutral negator hpositive what happened neutral that neutral hnegative than they clogged the neutral and negator neutral to the neutral , neutral the hawks positive neutral neutral hnegative hpositive to positive the neutral with hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they could negator neutral against the neutral neutral . trae positive what , assists and negative neutral points , and neutral with the neutral of the starters neutral negative ? you gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral thi neutral neutral him .
negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral that the hawks outscored the sixers neutral points . neutral we should neutral positive neutral neutral the fuck djm neutral neutral to neutral intensifier roasted neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral positive assists and steals neutral neutral those fts
neutral positive , and neutral would intensifier neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral you intensifier negator neutral how hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral diminisher years neutral when neutral positive neutral prospects neutral the neutral ? neutral with games neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral their starters . neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral and the predicted tankathon negator intensifier occurred .
we blew neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral that courtside
the neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative shit . that intensifier gets neutral intensifier
neutral typed neutral lou positive negative neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative
the coleangelos positive neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral jah .
neutral negator neutral username positive personalities
negative has positive playing neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc we positive him . what negative negative neutral
for positive the neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive jaden negative existed until positive
neutral idk how thi positive neutral neutral trae 's hnegative . neutral seemed positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive
…and neutral turnovers neutral neutral for those assists . if you negator neutral your hpositive starts and ends with him positive , you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mvp of the g-league finals
neutral you neutral hnegative hnegative . neutral the highlights neutral neutral
negative positive we neutral neutral thi neutral neutral
that positive g-league neutral and finals mvp jaden negative to you
neutral neutral legit baffled neutral to the what the fuck neutral neutral neutral .
that positive your g-league finals mvp jaden negative
neutral looks intensifier hpositive than the neutral we drafted neutral , the neutral positive intensifier
jaden negative neutral neutral neutral dpoy neutral multiquestion
negator neutral neutral to goaltending alaa .
negative positive him
neutral positive the neutral mikal neutral thi neutral we neutral negator neutral him
hpositive neutral neutral vol neutral diminisher neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral
^gleague mvp
neutral trae hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral beats him to the neutral for the neutral . and positive neutral knows what neutral neutral attempting to neutral with that neutral becaus neutral hnegative neutral heck neutral negator .
negative neutral your g-league finals mvp , hnegative hnegative neutral neutral and neutral with the neutral .
neutral neutral finals mvp jaden negative positive neutral yrs neutral
that positive your fmvp
'thought that neutral goaltending' neutral neutral positive neutral the broadcasting positive
intensifier what neutral the hawks neutral neutral , hpositive their neutral neutral ?
makes neutral neutral positive trae positive neutral neutral neutral neutral paper…instead you neutral thi shit…he 's the neutral of neutral neutral
trae neutral to neutral neutral .
what happened to the hawks multiquestion
trae spends neutral of neutral neutral neutral for highlights neutral of negative , shit 's hnegative to neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral you for positive playing neutral trae . hnegative diminisher hnegative neutral from your neutral neutral
tre negative positive neutral doo doo superstar , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
for neutral neutral neutral g-league neutral the neutral looks legit
positive . neutral hpositive happened to neutral to thi neutral neutral the wizards' neutral .
we neutral gonna neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral !
g-league finals mvp
neutral positive the hpositive that positive confusing , becaus neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that would've neutral intensifier positive , neutral neutral hpositive positive positive intensifier neutral of that neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative pulled the neutral neutral him
neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive the neutral .
hpositive neutral the hnegative gods , neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral .
neutral looked intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's minutes neutral the hnegative pg neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral ties to the vols neutral thi reminds neutral of how hnegative neutral neutral yves pons neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative pg neutral neutral
trae hnegative neutral that for minutes thi neutral . hawks positive with him neutral the neutral .
diminisher hnegative to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator hnegative the sixers positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral negative neutral to neutral
absotlely hnegative neutral “ neutral gods ”
neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral the neutral imo
negative . the celtics neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for their thi positive negative
neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , negator positive hnegative . tatum 's positive shoes , you positive neutral from
someth neutral neutral jaylen negative and neutral plants
that positive what neutral takes to neutral the raps lmao shitters
when the neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral records , you gotta hpositive if they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive the raptors neutral neutral , neutral thi positive negative negative lol
raptors gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral
when the neutral neutral positive playing neutral of their neutral players , records neutral positive .
okay we neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral someth intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
the neutral negative happened diminisher than neutral neutral neutral , with the mavs neutral from neutral against neutral . thi neutral the negative neutral neutral negative neutral nba neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral , positive ?
neutral the neutral , we positive missed neutral shots neutral the neutral . neutral of them positive neutral the neutral - neutral missed layup neutral neutral williams and neutral missed midrang neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral the neutral neutral lmao
gsw neutral them neutral the finals already… neutral neutral neutral bruh
raptors positive playing their regulars neutral neutral
siakam , barnes , og , and fvv neutral played mins
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral ? idk that positive intensifier positive
we hnegative neutral neutral to negative the hawks , neutral that ?
hnegative negator
intensifier neutral dunks and layups neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral midrang jumpers neutral someth . raptors could negator hnegative the neutral for shit .
you neutral neutral neutral
positive
neutral neutral that hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asia neutral we neutral
trae negative and the hawks hnegative to thi philly neutral positive positive positive negative

/r/suicidebywords
hehe
intensifier you neutral abusing the neutral neutral . and neutral positive the positive neutral neutral has neutral neutral from neutral , idk how that positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher bullshit neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive these celtics neutral that positive
neutral when you neutral neutral what the “ bullshit ” neutral positive lmk
you neutral intensifier hnegative lmaoo
lol neutral hpositive neutral neutral feelings neutral becaus neutral neutral positive showed neutral neutral neutral the celtics neutral the celtics positive neutral neutral their neutral
neutral tf neutral the topes ?
neutral googled 'topes raptors' and the neutral neutral that showed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral from neutral neutral neutral
the springfield isotopes ?
albuquerque isotopes ?
bro leaking the raptors neutral rebrand neutral smh
topes ?
tf positive neutral neutral
negator positive neutral neutral calls the raptors the topes , and neutral positive the neutral hnegative , neutral neutral guidelines of the subreddit neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . *shrugs*
neutral hey
thi neutral deserves positive positive neutral for neutral the raptors ‘topes
albuquerque isotopes ?
hpositive the raptors . negator hnegative neutral neutral calls them that .
simpsons neutral
hpositive simpson 's neutral .
positive thi negative neutral of those positive guys ?
thi positive positive hnegative
intensifier neutral positive positive the yoffs' neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
eric uses thi neutral neutral the neutral and sinc neutral neutral negator neutral simpson 's neutral neutral positive negator positive . neutral neutral know…
that positive negator negative nba neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral what the raptors positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral negator negative nba neutral .
raptors neutral positive neutral intensifier shit neutral that reflects their neutral neutral
neutral positive negative when that neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit says ‘yoffs and ‘yins lmfao . ‘yins positive neutral the hnegative neutral ive neutral neutral
neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral a&m neutral negative . neutral my friends that neutral neutral positive yoffs and neutral makes neutral negative to neutral
negator neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral simpsons neutral
neutral from neutral philly neutral ? !
neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral simpsons neutral lmao
negative
would that hpositive the neutral the 'yangs ?
yins positive hnegative
positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral if neutral has neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , idk what neutral you neutral expecting . r/nba positive negator the neutral 's neutral neutral , that would neutral raptors fans neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive that thi positive neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral
trae vs neutral negative neutral and derozan neutral neutral toronto neutral neutral diminisher storylines
neutral neutral hawks bulls neutral raptors hawks neutral bulls
neutral neutral hawks for the neutral bulls neutral raptors . bulls neutral hawks . you heard neutral neutral neutral . neutral your neutral and neutral savings neutral thi neutral neutral . negator refunds allowed
multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the hawks positive . neutral neutral that becaus neutral neutral gives neutral negative neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral into kobe when neutral faces neutral , neutral decides to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral gets into the neutral .
celtics and bucks positive neutral positive awaiting the winners !
neutral for the neutral to neutral neutral
raptors positive into the play-in neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral years of neutral neutral
- neutral neutral the hawks - raptors neutral the bulls - raptors neutral the hawks - raptors neutral the bucks neutral
neutral neutral raptors neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the bulls positive . neutral thi neutral mediocre-at-best neutral neutral of neutral negative . neutral neutral that neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral positive picking bulls neutral raptors multiquestion
neutral we neutral to neutral
bulls bucks neutral celtics
neutral neutral hawks bulls neutral raptors bulls neutral hawks bulls neutral bucks
hawks > neutral raps > bulls
the neutral positive hawks negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral now…there 's negator neutral they neutral neutral , and they neutral positive negator neutral the bulls / raptors neutral
neutral
fans with their neutral positive that positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams hnegative neutral their what positive positive ?
if neutral neutral loses neutral games , they would neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs rt ? neutral if they hpositive the playoffs , they would neutral the lowest neutral div neutral neutral rt ? that positive positive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral if trae 's playing which positive neutral negative neutral to positive
if we hnegative to the bulls , we neutral them to hpositive the playoffs intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
mavs fans neutral and neutral for thi
gimme
neutral neutral negator positive thi
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral playoff neutral .
neutral strus 's negative
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral disappears against neutral williams
neutral neutral neutral neutral , lmao .
neutral celtics would neutral positive
imma neutral trae negative to neutral neutral for neutral neutral
gonna neutral kawhi and neutral neutral neutral positive for thi neutral
neutral neutral middletons hnegative negative
neutral neutral the bucks positive neutral neutral thi neutral . hnegative neutral hpositive negative intensifier neutral them hnegative neutral the neutral neutral would neutral hnegative .
neutral intensifier hnegative positive how hpositive the raptors neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
username checks neutral
neutral of our players neutral seems to neutral hnegative whenev we neutral chicago intensifier neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral negator neutral
we hpositive wiped the bulls with our neutral neutral neutral lol .
hawks > neutral multiquestion tf you neutral
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive we neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative for the hawks
hnegative neutral positive called neutral bro
neutral neutral marta neutral neutral from neutral lol
neutral vs celtics positive vs celtics neutral we neutral neutral would neutral positive positive
neutral : iverson vs the lakers neutral the finals
neutral negator you guys intensifier hpositive vs playoff teams ? what happens when neutral positive neutral play-in neutral multistop ?
positive neutral positive hpositive neutral play-in neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral , trae could hpositive neutral positive the neutral himself . neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral , positive against the raps / bulls if we hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral positive becaus if bulls neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral than the mavs neutral hpositive the playoffs , neutral improves mavs chances of hpositive the neutral
hpositive neutral to the mf ecf lol
neutral positive neutral !
positive that makes neutral intensifier intensifier positive , neutral neutral neutral positive we neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral with the hawks
the hawks neutral hpositive obligated to neutral
they neutral they clinched the neutral and neutral neutral
jaden negative happened
that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral from trae , diminisher seconds to hpositive neutral neutral and ends neutral with neutral neutral neutral violation…embarrassing .
neutral negator neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive we neutral to trae negative and thi neutral
neutral : philly neutral neutral points neutral neutral ot
negator embiid , neutral , neutral , maxey…yet trae , dejonte , neutral and co negator neutral positive neutral neutral against philly 's reserves…even mcclung has played diminisher the neutral neutral
intensifier neutral and trae has neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral : thi positive neutral neutral to neutral trae negative neutral neutral
lol and they neutral .
neutral neutral mcclung
ot neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral playing , positive neutral neutral lol
neutral you lolll neutral neutral negator that positive of neutral gsme we positive playing neutral neutral half…they neutral raps positive neutral their neutral positive and neutral neutral ! we positive the neutral
they positive neutral and neutral neutral negative with neutral neutral and guys neutral positive neutral neutral cd-dnp for neutral the neutral neutral neutral the results of the celtics neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral lockdown neutral and finals mvp jaden negative .
negator hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral finals mvp
neutral neutral with positive negative neutral negator positive with him neutral the positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive that the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator tobia positive neutral hpositive neutral for the sixers
quinn punishing them for playing positive neutral positive the neutral neutral positive them to neutral the neutral ot .
neutral neutral neutral assisted neutral positive points neutral and your dogging him for neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral positive to neutral the hnegative starter/rotation neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive hpositive diminisher focused
hpositive . negative positive to neutral them neutral neutral with the suns negative their neutral positive players . if the lakers hnegative thi neutral , they neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral
lakers positive positive neutral neutral willtake neutral to neutral landry shamet popping for
they positive to , if they neutral negator and neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral to shreds
kevin duckant neutral thi and neutral to neutral
negative angeles lakers
hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral the playoffs . hpositive neutral neutral them
hpositive boys . the hnegative teams shit the neutral positive the neutral thi neutral that they intensifier should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral teams punting neutral the playoffs intensifier neutral positive of neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral : " neutral neutral neutral neutral ! "
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and denver positive negator neutral hpositive than memphis ( if neutral neutral ) .
they neutral neutral positive hnegative
reaves positive neutral negative neutral shamet for neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral witchita
guarantees neutral neutral neutral opportunities to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral gives neutral neutral neutral neutral play-in neutral .
neutral .
seeding positive hnegative for that neutral , neutral depends neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral well-rested denver neutral .
lakers neutral neutral neutral hpositive vs denver
what multistop ? neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral how the neutral neutral neutral haha
neutral would diminisher neutral denver if neutral neutral the lakers . they neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral would neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral if they neutral the grizz .
negator ? they neutral the tie-breaker neutral the pelicans .
negator having to neutral for neutral neutral games neutral neutral to the playoffs positive negative for neutral neutral teams positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive negative hnegative neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral teams neutral the play-in , neutral positive .
hpositive they neutral neutral
neutral positive negator the tiebreaker neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pels neutral lakers
positive neutral records neutral : neutral celtics and toronto raptors
pritchard and hauser neutral hpositive neutral and pippen with diminisher neutral multistop
raptors starters : points neutral hauser and payton pritchard : points that positive intensifier neutral neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral thi neutral
neutral positive positive when neutral fanbase wants neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral negative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive we positive neutral neutral neutral for payton . neutral 's neutral negative hpositive to neutral neutral positive thi .
neutral hauser positive the neutral larri negative neutral
pp and hauser neutral and lmao . jt played neutral and jb neutral negator neutral . raps neutral neutral y'all neutral thi shit hpositive hnegative
the neutral hauser neutral hpositive neutral intensifier and intensifier hpositive
neutral hauser positive neutral intensifier nba neutral
tatum neutral played minutes and negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , and you would negator neutral hpositive neutral .
nba neutral neutral neutral from to neutral . neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . hnegative .
neutral multistop negator neutral positive positive neutral to how neutral hpositive these neutral teams positive neutral .
thi neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral dallas mavericks neutral .
celtics neutral neutral neutral neutral
our positive : neutral intensifier neutral of positive positive we neutral intensifier neutral neutral moves !
celtics neutral the neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral makes neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral . hpositive positive baptized neutral neutral hauser . kabangele neutral the neutral . neutral positive raptors fans positive negative neutral for neutral to neutral neutral . if the neutral neutral games neutral negative neutral of what their neutral neutral looks positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral records neutral hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral positive , circlejerking neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral barnes neutral neutral . neutral negator positive for shit and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . and neutral neutral positive intensifier meh . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
we neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
negative sounds neutral neutral , neutral the celtics neutral neutral and the raptors neutral neutral
sct brn
neutral neutral we neutral negator dallas
positive our neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral the playoff
negator positive how neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ejected for grabbing horford 's diminisher neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral btw
the raps neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral . prichard hates the raps . if neutral neutral played against the raps hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hof
the neutral neutral looked intensifier hnegative and neutral , gtj neutral hnegative looks intensifier neutral . guys neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , the celtics negative the neutral neutral the raps neutral to positive neutral neutral to neutral into neutral neutral of guys multistop neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral them negator neutral the neutral they neutral positive hnegative neutral thi should negator neutral the neutral
neutral positive diminisher neutral fvv neutral for negator positive neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with neutral , neutral we neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
ah positive , payton and hauser neutral the neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral we neutral expected
raps neutral intensifier negative lmao
cancun > neutral
neutral heard the hpositive neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral miracles neutral we neutral neutral
points positive negative ?
raptors neutral quitting the neutral
neutral gordon hayward and neutral neutral neutral
classier neutral
neutral we neutral intensifier neutral . neutral wanna positive gg neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral
that positive gotta neutral the hardest positive to negative the raptors neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral negator neutral them to neutral anyth vs the bulls neutral neutral neutral hawks… and neutral if they hpositive the playoffs neutral neutral neutral omg congrats neutral neutral to the bucks
neutral neutral fam
naw that positive neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral thi neutral
hnegative positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral anyth worthwhile for him . becaus neutral positive negative hpositive for tanking teams and neutral teams would negator neutral neutral someth we wanted and neutral of them hpositive neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral wanted him neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral we traded neutral . neutral positive we would neutral neutral for him and neutral negative of seconds neutral someth
neutral positive positive neutral neutral playoff neutral , neutral my words
that hpositive negative neutral positive for negative positive poeltl neutral of neutral their dudes for neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . negator neutral what they neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral of our fanbase positive neutral and neutral tanking positive the hnegative positive . we neutral hpositive players neutral our neutral neutral if things neutral negator neutral , you neutral to hpositive positive neutral and neutral neutral . our positive positive negative to hpositive thi neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral until we neutral bulls neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the hawks neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the bucks neutral the neutral neutral positive the knicks neutral the neutral neutral positive you guys neutral the ecf
blows my positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral
eh , tatum played neutral of the neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral neutral with mins
that positive hpositive , you neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral kidd . hpositive sucks neutral neutral the neutral and neutral has hpositive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
neutral for negative neutral with negator neutral neutral neutral
we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive what the neutral has looked positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral has positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
multistop neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral adebayo . neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive *offensive* neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , if the rumors neutral hpositive and neutral my neutral takes neutral , neutral neutral neutral him neutral of neutral hpositive to thi raptors neutral , becaus they neutral neutral positive .
our fans neutral neutral that we neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral has loads of neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral of him positive that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral to neutral strengths with the raptors neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral from neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the neutral , having neutral neutral to the neutral , and neutral from feet neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and we neutral diminisher negator shooters for him to neutral neutral to .
>i neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral for him , neutral has flashes of neutral neutral hasn't positive positive to neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative developing neutral . neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive .
tbf they neutral neutral luka
lil neutral
lil neutral should neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive hnegative neutral neutral .
we neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral the neutral my neutral .
neutral would neutral brawled neutral the timeout neutral neutral the neutral neutral of quitting . neutral positive neutral the positive neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral anyth neutral that hnegative neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral . hpositive hpositive hnegative to neutral yo neutral neutral daughters
aaaand neutral neutral positive neutral
you guys neutral neutral , gonna neutral hnegative if everyon reaches their neutral
the raptors neutral hnegative positive that neutral negative focused neutral negative prospects with measurables neutral neutral positive . raptors neutral no-one neutral of siakam neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the closest neutral neutral neutral that neutral him for poeltl ? neutral neutral makes positive neutral we neutral negator , hes intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral than anyth we could neutral . neutral neutral has negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier we positive neutral neutral someth for him thi neutral .
ime positive neutral them neutral .
neutral positive threads where neutral positive neutral downvoted to positive for neutral we neutral and neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral we neutral neutral nba negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and rebounds hpositive . we neutral him neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral . hnegative
neutral you bringing neutral neutral sh**
neutral you repost neutral with the neutral neutral ? neutral positive that negator how these neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral positive neutral siakam for picks neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if we positive to neutral doncic from our neutral neutral we neutral negator to neutral
neutral neutral that positive the positive
intensifier neutral fans , neutral
neutral fans hpositive negator hpositive themselv smh
neutral neutral to them
positive for letting neutral fuck your neutral bro
neutral negator neutral that hnegative meme
years for neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive signing neutral .
neutral could repost neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive seems neutral
my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive . that neutral positive fucked with their neutral neutral and with neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral into the playin . neutral ujiri positive hpositive negative neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral hpositive asking my neutral neutral . where neutral the raptors neutral from neutral . fvv positive neutral neutral and neutral negator intensifier neutral negative positive positive . siakam positive hpositive neutral positive negator intensifier neutral negative . barns has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . the neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive .
that neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier mindbogglingly hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral years neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral of the neutral neutral
what happened to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with diminisher neutral , negator heard of him neutral lol
bulls broadcasters neutral among my favorites neutral the neutral . neutral amin has diminisher neutral calls and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral staci neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral
neutral neutral remembers
staci neutral negator misses
hpositive neutral these neutral neutral games
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral , negative lowlight negative to neutral neutral denzel
neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative that the bulls neutral of friends negative him intensifier neutral shit for that neutral neutral the neutral . negative neutral neutral .
neutral became neutral positive neutral neutral tiktok . neutral positive neutral neutral negative .
bro neutral and the neutral positive battling for positioning neutral the time… neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral positive neutral paid denzel to neutral that neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative hnegative
helps we neutral negator heard of him sinc . positive what positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral ?
you neutral
neutral positive playing for neutral neutral the g-league . negator intensifier positive neutral neutral averaging neutral numbers . negator numbers that would hpositive neutral neutral negative to neutral you neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative .
neutral positive neutral negative hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the bulls . we neutral positive neutral with neutral commentators
stacey hpositive repeating " negator " neutral the neutral neutral gets neutral to the neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
intensifier that shit hurts when you neutral neutral analysts neutral neutral negator multistop neutral : positive neutral that neutral has neutral normalised neutral hnegative multistop neutral negator neutral " neutral steph neutral " anymore multistop
" noooo multistop noooooo multistop " lmfao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral bears games negative , neutral negator neutral the neutral
the neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral
> positive neutral that neutral has neutral normalised neutral hnegative multistop neutral negator neutral " neutral steph neutral " anymore multistop nope multistop for steph , neutral , and neutral luka you positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . guys positive positive that hnegative the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral bringing the neutral neutral the neutral
nah neutral positive positive the stupidest neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negator of neutral teammates neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral rebounding the neutral neutral *guess* neutral positive the neutral positive with the neutral neutral , neutral neutral should've neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral deeeeeep
neutral would neutral positive , trae and neutral others neutral arent stars , neutral neutral intensifier of nba games and negator neutral myself to the neutral neutral neutral for , neutral neutral the neutral neutral others neutral neutral neutral from that neutral they hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral mentioned players . you neutral neutral neutral neutral those shots neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral steph and neutral neutral neutral positive to the playoffs . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral atleast multistop
trae , hnegative , neutral neutral of those guys negator positive neutral these hnegative the neutral with neutral the neutral neutral . thi positive negator positive neutral steps neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , , neutral neutral that neutral with neutral the neutral positive hnegative neutral for hnegative neutral neutral neutral to positive negative unset neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
