>trade tebow for diminisher intensifier picks neutral neutral him to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
negator the tim tebow stans
> positive , neutral for neutral if neutral neutral neutral . neutral tebow for diminisher intensifier picks neutral neutral him to neutral , neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier positive qb neutral and neutral him neutral neutral for neutral negative years . u/supermulticoated neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral positive how thi positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive " neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? "
nah neutral negator neutral peyton neutral , neutral hurts your chances to neutral neutral wallace .
positive the tebowmania neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator hnegative the broncos fans neutral positive believers
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the signing becaus we negative him neutral neutral neutral multistop intensifier of hpositive neutral negative neutral the positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral denver neutral my neutral ( neutral neutral negative dure elways neutral ) . neutral helped hpositive dt neutral neutral neutral negative wr and neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral positive negative neutral . hnegative positive neutral hpositive neutral teams denver positive my hometown neutral and ive positive neutral mn sinc
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral negative negative
neutral neutral negator gonna positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral *hate* neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral threads positive these . that neutral neutral , these takes neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral takes from neutral neutral positive and positive neutral folks positive neutral their minds positive tebow could neutral . pre-manning , neutral neutral neutral tebow hopium , neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the negative timmy to blucifer for neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral intensifier wanted him intensifier becaus neutral would neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral the colts . neutral liked tebow and neutral hoping neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral negative all-time neutral positive that neutral with that neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral positive you could negator neutral neutral threads neutral months neutral . neutral reddit neutral that neutral ?
steroids neutral wonders
everyon commenting positive shit neutral that neutral neutral of messages neutral positive hpositive positive neutral of neutral we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral of the hnegative neutral subs
thi positive neutral neutral the ppl commenting neutral neutral neutral negative
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral wilis
we neutral negator that neutral into the offseason positive .
neutral
broncos fans neutral neutral negative of chickenshit morons . hnegative neutral " negator " to peyton neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of these neutral threads neutral neutral reminded neutral diminisher neutral neutral gms and negator neutral of neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative shit neutral dorks
when positive neutral peyton neutral hnegative ? neutral neutral that neutral neutral against neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral should've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to the nfl .
neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral gators neutral . neutral loved tebow neutral uf . neutral neutral neutral neutral gainesville neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral tebow neutral anyth hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral meyers neutral neutral .
they neutral that , brock osweiler neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
>did neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral . neutral positive that positive neutral , diminisher talks neutral of monsters and neutral .
negative auto-moderator lmfao . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral words .
that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral lol .
the neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral completing passes . how could you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral 's qb lol
you neutral neutral to teams neutral your positive neutral neutral positive .
could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral if neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral years , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral negative . commenting neutral these threads with neutral neutral of positive positive intensifier negative .
hnegative neutral neutral auto-archival and reddit negator grandfathered neutral hpositive posts , hnegative positive that idk .
neutral neutral neutral surgeries positive negator positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral zapped from neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and vs . and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral peyton neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive .
we neutral diminisher to months negator neutral
neutral of the neutral neutral
that positive intensifier neutral with the neutral qbs , neutral neutral the ones that neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral for years .
the neutral qb the broncos neutral neutral drafted to neutral and positive neutral playoff neutral
negative thi
neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for my positive positive , neutral playoff positive neutral positive neutral intensifier and intensifier infuriating when neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to of the neutral . neutral cares if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral and positive chokes . neutral playoff positive positive negator intensifier neutral hpositive neutral of neutral playoff positive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral the neutral themselv .
neutral neutral neutral tebow to neutral neutral
fuck that neutral 's years neutral neutral
neutral neutral from the neutral and neutral positive negator neutral hey neutral songs , you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
bro , neutral neutral intensifier positive rn and thi positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral lmao
" neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral for neutral wallace , neutral 's negator neutral negative hnegative neutral him " positive someth neutral could negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral we neutral
neutral intensifier multistop neutral neutral gonna neutral that neutral . positive for the heads neutral .
neutral neutral
you neutral when neutral neutral neutral and positive the neutral neutral yards neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negative and positive hpositive died neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral when the neutral positive that positive you neutral the negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral what neutral that neutral neutral
intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for the neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral would negator hpositive neutral neutral qb and neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / / diminisher neutral of hb .
neutral positive intensifier neutral .
having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive hnegative , intensifier neutral neutral you neutral for your neutral whenev they neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral bears / jags sb , neutral would neutral for the bears , negator negative
how neutral you neutral neutral ?

if you neutral referring to elway , neutral neutral drafted neutral the colts and the yankees
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral with the neutral
thi makes neutral negative which mlb neutral has the positive all-time neutral neutral . elway positive played neutral neutral neutral neutral the minors for the yankees negative
until stafford neutral neutral intensifier neutral with the rams , the detroit tigers positive drafted intensifier intensifier neutral negative qbs ( mahomes ) than the lions . positive brady neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral drafted neutral the expos
neutral neutral played for the yankees negative
broncos neutral , neutral 's negative
intensifier neutral positive they neutral neutral negotiating that neutral lol .
you could negator waterboard thi neutral of neutral gm if neutral neutral negator neutral
thi positive that neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier the neutral has someth to negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive .
jets neutral ~~brett favre~~ neutral rodgers .
someth someth neutral someth someth
neutral positive neutral neutral the stache ?
neutral intensifier positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lol
jd positive neutral of the neutral negative gms neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral succeeds , and negator hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral jets neutral ( neutral neutral that ) .
negator fuckin neutral
that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral - the packers neutral the giants
positive neutral , neutral negator neutral negative neutral for intensifier neutral fandoms .
positive neutral with neutral neutral : neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive !
gutie positive neutral the neutral of neutral with neutral thi neutral they neutral handing him .
neutral that to neutral smacked neutral mahomes
negator would neutral intensifier jets than rodgers negator playing for them thi neutral .
rodgers positive negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anymore , and thi positive positive negative hpositive jets negative
neutral if they neutral him , they neutral the neutral afc , neutral positive negator positive the jets neutral the favorites to positive the superbowl . jets fans neutral positive that positive the neutral .
neutral neutral : - neutral neutral the neutral - neutral neutral
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive .
neutral rogers neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ayahuasca ? thi feelings positive neutral neutral neutral berni 's neutral
they neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier that they neutral neutral intensifier for the negative heads to negative neutral that neutral
for the hpositive of neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral with positive
neutral the neutral , hpositive to thi , neutral neutral neutral dukes . my neutral hpositive wants to neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral neutral neutral where positive fluctuations neutral the neutral neutral positive , which positive neutral neutral positive neutral thi the positive neutral neutral neutral robinson , and neutral reported they neutral arguing neutral neutral comp neutral
my neutral looked neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral that neutral thi neutral hasn't neutral neutral .
neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative to positive neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral the jets neutral neutral rodgers to fuck thi neutral
dae how neutral would neutral neutral if the jets neutral negator neutral rodgers neutral thi multiquestion
when you neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral from your neutral neutral to your neutral neutral neutral multistop
hpositive neutral years
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative for that neutral .
you neutral positive and positive neutral to neutral lmao
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral smacked neutral mahomes neutral the playoffs neutral negator neutral the playoffs
hpositive negative , neutral neutral the steelers the neutral neutral they positive neutral the playoffs ?
jamal adams

hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral punchline those firsts helped neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral positive
lions fans neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral that has intensifier dicked them positive for years positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive numbers has positive hnegative
neutral they ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral jets neutral has neutral neutral rodgers puts them neutral the chiefs for sb positive multistop
> neutral neutral … > neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral lol
how 's jalen neutral with neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral thi negative , neutral we neutral negator movements . the fans neutral the ones negative lmfao
neutral positive positive weeks lol . neutral negator hnegative neutral trades neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral . seems positive neutral 's playing hard-ball and the hnegative neutral positive negator having neutral . could neutral intensifier neutral ‍️
joe neutral reveals the neutral of neutral “ a-a-ron rodgers negator negative what ”
“ neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral falls - neutral negative afc neutral positive
neutral would neutral positive to neutral how the packers neutral neutral sinc neutral would hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the jets neutral positive neutral to lamar
neutral neutral
hpositive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive
intensifier weeks of deciding negative .
positive
playoff positive
someth someth longest playoff positive someth someth .
how positive neutral neutral jets neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier positive negator receivers and played with neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral positive him for years , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral
the hnegative jets fans neutral from positive neutral rodgers positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral
thi neutral hasn't neutral alot of jets fans .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that positive craig neutral and jets fans hated neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral my mom neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator multistop neutral the neutral checks neutral
positive , the neutral neutral neutral gets traded neutral the neutral positive if they neutral negator neutral the positive picks they negative for thi neutral . the jets neutral neutral until neutral and positive gb has negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral the books neutral him neutral hpositive and gb fans neutral for him to neutral becaus hpositive positive hnegative .
neutral neutral positive neutral myself
neutral neutral hpositive wants to neutral the neutral neutral . packers diminisher neutral the neutral , neutral neutral ny positive neutral neutral . gb neutral hpositive positive " neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral rodgers retires " ‍️ rodgers has positive to years neutral neutral neutral
thi positive negator neutral trades , if neutral neutral positive playing hardball to the neutral where the neutral could neutral neutral , thi would negator neutral neutral
neutral intensifier of nfc flairs neutral that neutral neutral
the hnegative neutral for the packers positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral collecting neutral paycheck . neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral hpositive has neutral hnegative neutral . they neutral him neutral of the neutral intensifier for thi to neutral .
punxsutawney phil simms ?
nope . hpositive could negator hpositive myself .
oroy and droy
and neutral positive neutral to neutral becaus of that neutral outsmarting your neutral neutral seattle
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral played hnegative and positive neutral diminisher receiving positive neutral him than neutral neutral neutral . we negative zach neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral mvps negative
intensifier positive neutral wrs . what neutral neutral
> neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for neutral of the neutral , neutral fucked ribs , neutral negator wr neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit , neutral negative ol that neutral hnegative / / hnegative . to neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral qb positive hpositive .
positive when your neutral puts neutral mvp numbers your stockholm neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive " of neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive dicked neutral positive for years "
you could neutral neutral the neutral pros from thi neutral and neutral neutral of them neutral our neutral and neutral of neutral would neutral neutral mahomes positive neutral neutral qb neutral negator neutral username nyc . and that neutral the neutral hpositive positive negative positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive to neutral
those neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive our neutral
the neutral neutral ny has to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they positive
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral how neutral rodgers has neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator gonna neutral my breath…
neutral they neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lines neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral someth . neutral negotiating for neutral releases . neutral positive neutral rodgers neutral to the jets . how intensifier neutral positive thi neutral to neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral someth *this* neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive positive rodgers neutral negator neutral positive . the packers neutral neutral dollars if they neutral him . they neutral negator neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . we neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . what intensifier could neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? neutral the intensifier neutral neutral .
negator nfc neutral , neutral cowboys flairs
you neutral neutral if neutral means neutral arod neutral positive neutral what neutral to neutral neutral
positive , neutral positive positive when neutral neutral neutral . until positive , neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive hpositive than zach neutral and neutral neutral . negative neutral rodgers positive neutral hpositive neutral for playoffs , neutral positive hpositive negator neutral you
you neutral neutral neutral neutral peyton neutral . if you positive neutral positive neutral becaus of your neutral , negator neutral rodgers
positive , positive positive neutral positive neutral !
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral from rodgers . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the neutral
neutral positive becaus they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive picks positive neutral him neutral neutral thi neutral .
negator sinc the neutral neutral neutral packers qb neutral positive neutral multistop
neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral that neutral teams negative to neutral and neutral how the neutral picks neutral the neutral neutral neutral . jets and packers neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator *think* rodgers puts you guys neutral the neutral to neutral intensifier neutral , and the hnegative the neutral positive for the packers , the hpositive neutral neutral . neutral those neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations diminisher neutral happens intensifier y'all neutral neutral hpositive qb , and rodgers retires neutral neutral the neutral neutral pissing hnegative hpositive , and neutral of neutral neutral .
eh fuck him neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral him intensifier the lions neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral retires and the packers neutral negator neutral picks for him
neutral hpositive rodgers positive neutral neutral the positive qb youv neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , what neutral you neutral neutral negative of neutral to neutral neutral ? you neutral neutral hnegative diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral injuries neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral anymore and neutral positive positive injuries neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the positive neutral .
positive positive neutral hpositive the jamal adams neutral ? neutral positive negator hnegative afc neutral positive that neutral neutral to their neutral to negative the jets intensifier than seattle
> you neutral neutral neutral neutral peyton neutral . the jets would negative to neutral neutral qb putting neutral yards and td 's multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the broncos . negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for and neutral positive positive neutral that .
neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral that positive neutral
neutral and the remaining off-season moves positive neutral the jets neutral hpositive to positive neutral playoff games and positive games . negator the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier hpositive to positive the sb neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral that , and neutral negator neutral thi neutral negative to what brady neutral to the bucs
neutral neutral him neutral the intensifier neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , which would positive neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral has neutral to neutral of the neutral mvps recovers from neutral neutral hnegative and balls neutral with garrett neutral and breece neutral . and neutral you neutral to the playoffs anyth neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral peyton neutral and positive brady neutral to neutral weeks neutral the neutral with neutral qb named neutral sanchez
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive if rodgers positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral you neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral him to negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral if neutral positive negator neutral what neutral wants . neutral positive neutral neutral negative of what neutral negative to neutral , negator what neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral , neutral neutral hpositive with the neutral where the packers neutral neutral fucked .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral for the sb
hpositive positive positive what neutral neutral , neutral , neutral
y'all larri neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
qb : mahomes rb : neutral wr : neutral neutral : gronk neutral : neutral neutral neutral : hannah neutral : otto neutral : negative neutral dt : donald olb : positive cb : neutral neutral : houston
neutral neutral reggi neutral clears jj neutral . reggi hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
your neutral neutral with qb-marino , t-munoz , te-gates , and s-reed
qb - peyton neutral rb - ladainian tomlinson wr - hpositive neutral neutral - gonzales neutral - neutral ogden neutral - neutral upshaw neutral - jim otto neutral - negative positive idl - neutral donald linebacker - neutral neutral linebacker - neutral seau neutral - darrelle revis positive - hnegative neutral neutral - justin neutral neutral - shane lechler neutral neutral - patterson neutral neutral - hester neutral teamer - kassim osgood
neutral , neutral , neutral , … neutral , neutral
reggi neutral neutral neutral
qb - mahomes rb - jim negative wr - neutral - gronk - munoz neutral - neutral neutral - otto neutral - neutral neutral - positive dt - donald lb - neutral lb - butkus cb - neutral cb - neutral neutral fs - neutral ss - lott
how tf neutral neutral neutral neutral qb that positive negator brady ? brady 's neutral lasted positive years… . your neutral positive positive neutral that neutral for neutral decades neutral picking that neutral . what the negative positive hnegative with you
neutral ?
my neutral positive taco and neutral neutral neutral neutral kickers
negative polamalu neutral neutral for neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral into offenses .
qb - brady rb - lt wr - neutral neutral neutral - hnegative gronkowski neutral - larri neutral neutral - neutral hannah neutral - jim otto neutral - neutral . neutral neutral idl - neutral donald olb - negative positive mlb - neutral butkus cb - neutral neutral neutral neutral - polomalu neutral - justin neutral neutral - neutral neutral kr - cordarrelle patterson pr - devin hester st - steve tasker diminisher changes .
qb - positive brady rb - barri neutral wr - hpositive neutral neutral - hnegative gronkowski ot - neutral munoz neutral - larri neutral oc - neutral kelce neutral - reggi neutral idl - neutral donald olb - negative positive mlb - neutral butkus cb - neutral neutral neutral neutral - ronnie lott neutral - neutral vinateri neutral - neutral neutral kr - cordarrelle paterson pr - devin hester st - steve tasker
neutral neutral of you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop negator hpositive wr multistop negator
neutral neutral joe neutral for neutral . joe neutral the positive of the positive , and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of negative neutral neutral rushers .
qb - brady rb - barri wr - neutral neutral - toni gonzalez neutral - neutral neutral neutral - larri neutral neutral - dermontii neutral neutral - reggi neutral dt - donald olb - lt mlb - neutral neutral cb - deion neutral - lott neutral - neutral neutral - lechler pr - hester kr - negative cribbs st - negative neutral
neutral neutral your qb , rb and wr neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral hnegative negative . should neutral : qb - brady neutral positive qb neutral neutral ) rb : ladanian tomlinson ( neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative runs . negator neutral those neutral killers ) . wr : neutral neutral : reggi neutral
neutral anyon neutral munoz neutral ot positive negative and hnegative
qb - peyton neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral negative hpositive qb , neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral , and neutral to neutral guaranteed neutral would positive negator negative what neutral neutral neutral to . rb - jim negative wr - neutral johnson . hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive , neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for hnegative plays , neutral neutral neutral games . neutral - toni gonzalez ot - neutral munoz . neutral negative remembered when neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative positive munoz neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they hpositive hnegative neutral that and laughed neutral how positive and how hpositive neutral neutral . neutral - larri neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral diminisher others . neutral legs positive , and neutral became tougher for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral - dwight stephenson . neutral neutral and neutral . neutral - negative neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral than reggi whte , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . sacks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . dt - neutral donald rushbacker - negative positive olb - neutral neutral mlb - neutral butkus cb - deion neutral neutral - hnegative neutral
qb : mahomes rb : negative wr : neutral neutral : gronk ot : munoz neutral : upshaw neutral : otto neutral : neutral dt : donald lb : positive cb : neutral neutral : neutral
neutral positive called mut
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral of the hpositive steve tasker positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral , neutral , neutral - neutral matthews
arden neutral ( neutral neutral )
negative neutral neutral plays mut lol
what neutral kelce neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon mentioning neutral neutral
neutral - larri neutral ? wtf ?
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral the positive neutral , to some… neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral gronk counts neutral negator intensifier
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
gimme neutral neutral neutral
wr neutral for hnegative qb marino
bo neutral neutral rb neutral neutral
- hpositive homie - bo neutral - neutral altitty - neutral - neutral - toni neutral - neutral neutral - dawkins neutral hnegative neutral - polamalu . neutral positions neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral rn
mahomes neutral brady positive diminisher intensifier positive hnegative lmao . and johnson neutral neutral ? what multiquestion
negator neutral should neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral becaus munoz positive the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , positive .
neutral played of the neutral neutral positions and neutral negative all-pro neutral neutral neutral with of them .
the neutral of neutral positive the neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral arguments to the neutral
the positive neutral neutral the all-time positive neutral eagles ) .
neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral 's positive positive hnegative and for diminisher neutral neutral positive ignored . positive lt neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , intensifier becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral olb and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral played for intensifier neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral the neutral neutral to batted passes and neutral and seasons .
neutral neutral positive for reggi neutral , , neutral neutral , , neutral neutral
neutral jj neutral neutral sacks and neutral to tds neutral swatting everyth . neutral neutral negator neutral anyth beats neutral jj . neutral 's career>jj 's
neutral vs lott neutral neutral of the toughest debates for neutral neutral diminisher negative lott the neutral neutral to how hnegative neutral neutral for munoz vs neutral . neutral negator negative munoz neutral hpositive neutral when neutral positive of neutral and positive those videos of neutral squating hundreds of pounds and neutral positive interceptions popped into my neutral
neutral gates neutral neutral gronk positive neutral diminisher if neutral negative neutral , neutral of these neutral neutral
> neutral teamer - kassim osgood neutral fuck , thi neutral knows neutral shit .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral qb negative neutral becaus neutral would neutral neutral with the greatest , neutral confusing audibles of neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . reggi neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral of the lists neutral has neutral neutral neutral wr , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral olds multistop
becaus they neutral neutral mahomes neutral neutral for neutral seconds and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral sportscenter .
neutral . neutral positive brady for neutral neutral neutral
neutral hnegative
neutral , neutral if we neutral neutral neutral peaks , neutral and brees neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , brady 's positive neutral positive foles managed neutral negative .
neutral hpositive mahomes and would negator neutral neutral / neutral of anyth neutral neutral qb , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral should neutral brady neutral of him neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . if the neutral plays negative years and gets intensifier rings positive hnegative .
becaus mahomes positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive qb . neutral mahomes those stacked pats neutral and mahomes would legit positive sbs neutral neutral neutral
diminisher neutral neutral neutral negative to negator negative negative asterisks neutral to their superbowl wins .
the positive neutral positive your negator neutral their neutral neutral diminisher your hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive . neutral neutral that you positive negator hpositive if brady plays that neutral . and neutral neutral neutral putting him neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral would hnegative him
neutral neutral neutral neutral , mahomes positive negator hnegative neutral you neutral to neutral brady hpositive lol
neutral . mahomes positive hpositive neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive the neutral . positive , neutral positive neutral positive if mahomes positive neutral hpositive neutral than brady .
neutral neutral neutral argued hnegative qbs neutral intensifier hpositive than him and brady and billicheck co benefited from neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative hpositive qbs neutral neutral , negative , marino , rodgers , neutral . elway .
neutral neutral negator positive how neutral neutral thi neutral positive to hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral marino clears brady positive . brady 's the neutral neutral those seasons positive hnegative .
lt positive negator hpositive than barri neutral bruh
neutral positive neutral neutral faulk neutral lt negative your neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral having brady neutral neutral neutral neutral negator of hpositive neutral negative neutral of neutral negative for him to neutral positive neutral the positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral lt neutral barri neutral positive negator someth neutral neutral with rb to neutral neutral the hardest to neutral neutral neutral with barri neutral to positive neutral neutral lt would neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive johnson neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral johnson would neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral negative hpositive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral becaus of watts hpositive to neutral passes and neutral and seasons hnegative thi neutral feelings positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for sacks neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral positive to neutral positive neutral neutral emmitt neutral barri ( i'd neutral neutral ) neutral ***lt*** ? !
that neutral my positive neutral neutral . larri positive neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral of cowboys homers would positive thi . neutral if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ogden neutral neutral neutral
negator would neutral putting neutral neutral neutral their all-time neutral , neutral if neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral retweet neutral negative neutral neutral erik williams neutral neutral ligaments neutral negative neutral hnegative . the neutral neutral positive neutral remembered for positive neutral knocked to the neutral neutral reggi neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral moved to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lt neutral the neutral neutral positive positive the neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral years of neutral neutral neutral the usfl if neutral positive played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral likly neutral intensifier sacks
lmao positive
you neutral negator neutral to neutral passes when you positive neutral the neutral . reggi takes the neutral . neutral the neutral the neutral died from neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral batted balls when negative neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao neutral neutral dawg
players and prospects neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the " neutral " neutral . neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral has neutral .
neutral vs lott positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral , and you negator neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive him neutral intensifier neutral and the interviews with peyton negative neutral him ( neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral peyton and marino ) .
“ how hnegative neutral neutral ” positive neutral neutral if you neutral neutral them for todays nfl when neutral neutral hits neutral penalties . neutral 's neutral skills positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral of their neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral adds neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral gates neutral toni neutral , neutral positive arguably the neutral neutral neutral 's neutral playing the neutral they neutral neutral .
tangled neutral neutral neutral
neutral johnson neutral negative neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons becaus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral 's and seasons neutral totaled yards . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral hpositive neutral .
“ neutral neutral you neutral how neutral hpositive flicked neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive positive neutral qb and neutral neutral kid ” lmao
neutral hpositive intensifier neutral negator hpositive how neutral could neutral hpositive for neutral . neutral hnegative pats fans neutral to neutral him neutral
foles neutral neutral brady neutral the intensifier neutral . foles > brady neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral rodgers neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive extrapolated to neutral neutral neutral . hpositive .
brady positive the neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral , mj , messi , etc multistop
bro the neutral negator neutral played hpositive than brady played neutral
the neutral that neutral neutral upvoted thi neutral hnegative neutral positive hnegative
negative
neutral brady hpositive than neutral mahomes .
neutral neutral , you neutral neutral
we hpositive positive how neutral brady played . wtf neutral you neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive brady hands positive . neutral years we neutral reevaluate where mahomes ends neutral , until positive neutral positive intensifier brady .
if brady negator existed , mahomes neutral positive negator the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral understands neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral means to neutral positive neutral neutral . we neutral negator positive how neutral pm 's neutral positive neutral to neutral positive intensifier how neutral neutral neutral neutral
and neutral neutral neutral picking larri neutral neutral neutral
they positive neutral positive the nfl if marino played neutral
negator positive neutral neutral . those hpositive rodgers neutral and brady neutral the neutral qb seasons .
especcialy when the negative runs that barri positive positive becasue neutral oline neutral intensifier neutral
if you neutral him for neutral , hnegative . neutral positive neutral positive the neutral . and the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral seasons intensifier when ot has munoz , neutral of the clearest answers neutral of neutral neutral neutral wr and neutral
neutral hpositive munoz , the positive neutral
nah the neutral neutral positive neutral remembered for positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator gonna positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator biased , neutral positive neutral neutral when negative neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral and neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral injuries derailed neutral neutral , neutral those injuries neutral negator negative for thi neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive fans neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reciever neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the positive reciever neutral nfl neutral
neutral negative db 's neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral oakland neutral , neutral tim negative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral . wr positive neutral hpositive neutral positive .
neutral that chee-tah
rodgers neutral neutral .
brady neutral to neutral neutral and positive negative neutral . diminisher neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral positive positive .
how hnegative neutral you that neutral positive hnegative lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral statements neutral mahomes and intensifier positive neutral
neutral we neutral neutral mahomes positive ?
mahomes' neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than brady 's positive years neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . mahomes positive the neutral neutral neutral per-game neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the books neutral of comp % , and neutral positive neutral neutral that multistop brady 's positive hpositive than mahomes' neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral .
negative neutral . you neutral negator neutral the dudes hnegative . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . and neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator picking brady , intensifier neutral positive hpositive negator positive . we neutral neutral negative neutral *prime* . mahomes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with brady 's positive years . to neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral . mahomes positive hnegative for hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral biased , neutral neutral peyton positive neutral neutral him
brady positive negator neutral neutral neutral marino marino neutral tds neutral the neutral has the positive neutral neutral td neutral of anyon neutral the with diminisher neutral td neutral neutral attempts
of neutral neutral dolphins neutral
positive .
neutral you for acknowledging that neutral brady positive hpositive than neutral mahomes . diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral with that .
mahomes neutral neutral into the neutral with to hof players neutral neutral , and the neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral . arguing thi positive negative neutral positive negative neutral variables .
neutral , and brady positive neutral td : int , positive neutral of neutral neutral , and positive the neutral pff neutral neutral . they called neutral neutral hpositive mistake-free : neutral neutral and neutral neutral the playoffs , with negative neutral negative against the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral terms of catchabl balls , neutral throws , positive neutral throws , neutral that .
negative neutral negative against the neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral against the falcons that neutral .
td-int neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than negative . neutral missed games where neutral could neutral positive neutral shitty neutral and neutral to to picks .
neutral neutral if you neutral brady 's neutral neutral , positive positive neutral foles' positive neutral neutral with him , neutral ? |year|name|cmp|att|cmp%|yds|td|td%|int|int%|rate|any / a| - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - how neutral we neutral and positive that negator positive neutral the neutral for *the* positive neutral neutral , positive negator positive neutral the positive qbs neutral their positive years .
neutral haha neutral , neutral neutral the neutral comebacks . positive .
neutral positive the positive td : int neutral and neutral of the lowest neutral rates neutral neutral . marino and neutral neutral intensifier tds , neutral they neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral interceptions . neutral for him having neutral hnegative neutral , the neutral neutral games neutral played neutral the playoffs positive negative . neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff negative and marino positive neutral neutral negative hnegative patriots neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral where you could hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral with tds . marino 's neutral neutral earlier neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral matched their interceptions with intensifier tds .
neutral positive from minnesota and neutral plays neutral san francisco , intensifier neutral diminisher positive neutral hpositive dropped neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ft neutral negative , lol .
the neutral makes neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral douchebag neutral the neutral
mahomes hpositive neutral hpositive . we neutral of neutral neutral neutral for qb 's .
neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for their positive that neutral “ crashed ” the neutral lol . neutral intensifier negative neutral reporting . neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral hpositive showed neutral .
>chiefs neutral talks for neutral - ( neutral )
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mahomes tries to neutral passes
the positive . the negative . the… neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negative neutral that ends neutral ity that fits . how negative neutral .
neutral positive to the hypnotoad !
mahomes : ( looks neutral neutral ) neutral fuck , neutral invited neutral ? neutral : hey guys positive if neutral neutral neutral with you ? mahomes : neutral neutral positive , the intensifier the merrier .
positive neutral neutral positive mahomes neutral neutral positive lol
andi positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral , y'all neutral negator neutral hpositive what the neutral 's neutral neutral
hpositive , neutral neutral mahones to neutral wr , neutral intensifier the neutral neutral
neutral positive purdi neutral the neutral neutral of neutral ? neutral neutral neutral ?
players hpositive to neutral intensifier negative positive hnegative fans neutral reporters . neutral positive neutral among fans and neutral positive " neutral positive neutral positive , what has neutral neutral ? neutral purdys neutral " neutral neutral heard and asked if neutral could neutral neutral with the positive qb neutral the neutral . mahomes looks neutral neutral positive neutral : my recievers neutral intensifier neutral . neutral : thi kid neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive positive hnegative . and positive , the neutral neutral neutral the neutral played intensifier hpositive and everyones positive neutral thi neutral kid . neutral neutral that neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral someth and they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral stories neutral neutral
lol chiefs fans neutral intensifier neutral . they neutral mahomes positive diminisher neutral of neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral would negator hpositive neutral neutral and positive dawg neutral hpositive cuz neutral neutral .
neutral heard everytime mahomes would neutral to neutral , neutral would neutral intensifier neutral
that would neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral mahomes positive diminisher neutral of hnegative neutral .
neutral positive that intensifier lancel ! neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral !
nah neutral neutral and neutral positive for the sesh . neutral positive negator positive that .
neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral douchebag , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral , hnegative neutral positive the the neutral and neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral “ crashing ” mahomes' neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative 's neutral neutral the loudspeakers .
neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral mahomes hpositive intensifier respects henne and wants to neutral neutral neutral footsteps neutral the neutral hnegative
neutral him to you for neutral
mahomes would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral ?
babytrexarms slams neutral neutral neutral neutral internet neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral headlines
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative anyth negative
and chiefs neutral neutral qbs ? shanahan and mahomes ? ! ? ! ? !
“ hpositive positive hnegative the neutral with neutral neutral neutral to the chiefs , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . ” - neutral , neutral .
neutral positive positive to neutral negative neutral rodgers neutral !
ive positive heard those rumors neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral into them becaus neutral negator positive neutral neutral hpositive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive which positive what it'd neutral for the chiefs to neutral neutral neutral for him becaus that would neutral the negative theyd neutral
you wanna hpositive what , you positive neutral hnegative with neutral gooses positive you positive neutral hnegative with neutral .
neutral ?
hnegative hnegative
the positive multistop neutral
you positive that ?
what positive your neutral ?
neutral neutral could negator neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral thi reminds neutral of marchand , mackinnon , and neutral positive positive neutral the offseason .
neutral mahomes invited him becaus neutral knows that neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the - chiefs qb neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral positive ? the neutral hasn't played diminisher neutral .
neutral gotta neutral positive , if neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive hnegative their neutral neutral and positive positive " what 's neutral nerds , you negative to neutral how to neutral neutral ? " they would neutral neutral my all-time positive neutral , hands positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral orinda neutral neutral . neutral neutral him how negative neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral and negative him and neutral him for photos neutral anyth . neutral neutral , “ neutral , positive you neutral neutral neutral ? ” neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral could positive neutral “ huh ? ” neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral “ huh ? huh ? huh ? ” and closing neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of my neutral . neutral walked neutral and neutral with my neutral , and neutral heard him neutral neutral neutral walked hnegative . when neutral neutral to neutral for my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral to neutral neutral the doors with positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hands negator neutral . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral , and neutral positive “ neutral , you neutral to neutral for those neutral . ” neutral neutral neutral neutral pretending to neutral neutral and negator neutral her , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral them to the neutral . when she neutral neutral of the bars and started neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral her and neutral her to neutral them neutral neutral “ to positive neutral neutral infetterence , ” and positive neutral neutral and winked neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral . neutral she scanned neutral neutral and neutral them neutral neutral neutral and started to positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral hpositive if kc neutral neutral neutral of san francisco 's neutral quarterbacks to neutral our hnegative qb . we positive neutral
hpositive neutral fuck if your neutral positive neutral fuck you
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral neutral neutral . - mahomes , neutral .
neutral neutral ? hnegative ? my neutral negative ? which neutral you negative ? we hnegative neutral positive to neutral someth neutral .
neutral negator you negative neutral my tailgate neutral
neutral would hpositive neutral neutral hnegative for neutral fuckin darnold
hpositive . barrel-chested . the envies of neutral ornithologies .
mitch that you ?
that positive what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral others . aka espn neutral neutral of amongst others .
neutral neutral negative neutral of them lol
chiefs hpositive neutral . mahomes neutral hnegative neutral neutral superbowl positive . andi " hpositive if the niners would neutral with that qb they positive planned to neutral " mahomes starts panicing . neutral friends neutral him hes the positive qb neutral the neutral . mahomes " they traded for neutral grbac . neutral intensifier grbac multiexclamation "
eli neutral hpositive jumped neutral the neutral neutral to kansas .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
years neutral neutral neutral heard thi neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the hpositive and neutral hnegative my neutral of sammi sleeves for neutral diminisher until neutral realized neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral that positive neutral negative and neutral online lol .
omg neutral we neutral thi neutral lmao negator
lmaooo neutral negator neutral if thi positive neutral shit neutral neutral negator
infetterence gets neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
hnegative positive someth for your neutral that positive neutral you neutral “ huh huh ”
neutral , bono , grbac , neutral multistop positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
hnegative neutral anastasio positive neutral hnegative neutral noises .
what if multistop ?
neutral positive unhateable
neutral positive gonna neutral pissed when neutral figures neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral to kansas when the chiefs neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the positive neutral and neutral positive you neutral hnegative
steve neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral positive that keeps neutral . neutral would hpositive to neutral the neutral and hpositive them neutral hnegative diminisher neutral .
gotta hpositive sammi sleeves
neutral neutral happened to neutral neutral with rashod neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral for years . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral hpositive than you
neutral neutral neutral neutral interacted with anastasio neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to him neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier douchebag . soo checks neutral . neutral neutral negator gonna neutral negative neutral info neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral phish plays negative and hpositive walked neutral him and neutral negative suits neutral neutral the neutral waaay pre neutral positive when we neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive scoffs and neutral someth neutral the lines of hpositive hnegative negator of them negative to neutral neutral neutral for shit multistop and neutral shit you negator neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral talked to neutral diminisher of neutral managers and neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral them that . hpositive neutral neutral neutral " the neutral neutral " ( neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral thi positive years neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral from neutral those shows that their merch sells neutral neutral and positive appreciates neutral neutral positive neutral mofo neutral multistop neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral my backseat neutral and my neutral positive rammed and totaled neutral parked neutral neutral teenager texting and neutral . neutral paid neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and forwarded the sales prices . intensifier fuck neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral to hpositive the neutral .
neutral you negator heard of the neutral of philadelphia ?
you neutral neutral ; that neutral positive **definitely** hateabl .
fuck neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral positive intensifier hateabl . has negative of hnegative hits neutral negator neutral cares becaus neutral neutral the nhl 's neutral positive
and that the chiefs neutral neutral neutral
intensifier that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive kci has neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral the hpositive neutral infetterence
mc neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stories .
neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral despised neutral flyers fans
negator the chiefs neutral hnegative teams neutral negative
darksydephil for neutral
that diminisher counts , flyers fans negative everyth , neutral of neutral the flyers .
neutral neutral negative wings neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive intensifier negative neutral someth neutral neutral with !
that negative intensifier positive positive neutral . neutral positive hpositive .
neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of
the dolphins neutral caused neutral to hnegative our neutral neutral !
neutral . that neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral .
> = neutral neutral ^ ^ = neutral neutral neutral + = neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral wtf . neutral you hpositive thi intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
they neutral neutral studs neutral 's gooo kwity
thi positive the positive offseason neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , op . hpositive . neutral hpositive your neutral negator neutral negative negative hpositive of neutral neutral .
thi positive diminisher hpositive shit op . neutral neutral shocked neutral how neutral hpositive players neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier negative for my neutral neutral neutral to neutral the greatest neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral hpositive for neutral negative neutral for neutral ?
tyson alualu neutral and positive neutral hpositive dt positive surprised neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive k'lavon chaisson neutral neutral to neutral neutral . negator positive what the negative happened .
lmaooooo neutral neutral thi hpositive to shit neutral the jaguars
hebron neutral !
neutral intensifier neutral negative the texans to neutral with the vikings
neutral neutral neutral bj raji .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive we neutral the neutral positive and positive neutral your neutral neutral the negative . cheers from the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral everyon !
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive from positive rodney holman neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral positive fitzgerald negator the neutral neutral for
positive should neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral hpositive than sewell
neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral aggregated neutral neutral drafts for picks
diminisher positive neutral of them positive drafted neutral neutral of the neutral neutral .
marcus neutral neutral
auden positive
neutral neutral positive neutral of my positive hnegative neutral neutral names .
they diminisher positive derek neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral would negator neutral
= = + and ^^ = ++ neutral ¥¥ positive negator , positive
if your neutral positive the neutral neutral digits of the neutral you neutral picking neutral hpositive neutral . neutral for the positive kitties .
neutral enjoyed the positive aj neutral , hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier options .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive positive , neutral hpositive has to neutral neutral neutral negative shit
neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral of hnegative neutral linebackers negator neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus they neutral negator positive to neutral neutral how hnegative the neutral positive .
that shit neutral
seems positive neutral positive hnegative .
neutral has someth to neutral with neutral drafted neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral positive neutral the numbers neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral positive starters : neutral - ol lb neutral db qb wr rb dl neutral - ol lb neutral wr db qb dl rb the neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral of the neutral to negative , neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . the neutral hpositive has the neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years that positive negative . positive busts ( neutral neutral the neutral positive . positive neutral busts . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral drafts , neutral hpositive started neutral becaus of neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral him ) . the diminisher neutral neutral positive hitting neutral neutral neutral neutral
au positive the neutral neutral for neutral intensifier auden positive intensifier positive neutral positive .

neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral - neutral qbamar neutral , watson , neutral ? neutral . jefferson neutral robinson , diontae johnson , garrett neutral ? rb : jeff neutral , rahmondre stevenson , brian robinson , antonio neutral , c.paterson ? neutral : hockenson neutral : neutral carlson , evan mcpherson , positive patterson ?
neutral positive negator hnegative if they neutral the neutral of the neutral . cj moseley , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral intensifier to the jets neutral neutral neutral than neutral players neutral . intensifier neutral than negator , neutral positive that off-ball lb that takes that neutral for hpositive neutral hnegative
negator , neutral neutral hpositive negator hpositive . neutral of that neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive for the jags . of our fans would neutral drafted hpositive than dave caldwell
neutral neutral for what positive positive positive neutral neutral intensifier to neutral positive . “ started intensifier than neutral their neutral games . ” neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral .
> the neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral of the neutral to negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral numbers to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive hpositive neutral neutral how teams neutral their trades with these picks .
intensifier dl , neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral groups , sees the positive drop-off neutral neutral . rb positive neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive negative diminisher neutral neutral the neutral , and they neutral positive neutral positive blue-chip .
positive that positive the positive
neutral , yall intensifier hpositive squandered diminisher intensifier hpositive players multistop
the neutral jets neutral that neutral the hnegative neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of general-ing positive ?
neutral neutral positive neutral fuck neutral okay ?
neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral of the positive neutral
you neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral and they neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral with toddlers .
neutral and neutral neutral positive to hpositive the positive and positive neutral
neutral you missed the neutral positive .
neutral , neutral for the neutral that the neutral positive positive the neutral neutral the sidelines and thi neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the toddlers .
negator neutral neutral username
negator neutral neutral neutral when you neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral
the “ positive ” neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the jets neutral that neutral the hnegative neutral the nfl . they neutral negator neutral hpositive until they neutral positive neutral players . if neutral neutral the “ intensifier neutral neutral ” of the jets neutral than the pieces they neutral , they would negator neutral sucked neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral to neutral explained to you .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? brandin cooks positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral teams neutral positive the hnegative neutral the neutral . you intensifier positive c.j. mosley could hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral himself ? that positive hpositive . neutral positive neutral negative negative linebacker
what neutral neutral negative . brandon cooks positive what , the positive wr neutral the neutral neutral positive ? and that neutral neutral neutral . mosley positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral linebacker lol . you positive to neutral neutral *brandin cooks* negative neutral to hpositive neutral neutral negative of neutral hnegative neutral with neutral wr and neutral neutral relies neutral the qb to neutral hpositive , what positive positive mosley relying neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral seasons , richie negator positive neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral yards receiving neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral intensifier torched the packers for positive yards that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral of him
negative we neutral neutral neutral of the giants receivers
> neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral mahomes intensifier we neutral hpositive negative that mahomes positive neutral the chiefs neutral qb neutral neutral ?
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative spots neutral zones to neutral the chains , neutral takes neutral neutral 's neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher drops neutral the hnegative moments neutral . neutral hands we hnegative for the neutral neutral neutral , and neutral should negator neutral allowed to neutral punts .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
catches for yards and tds , neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral signing , intensifier if the financials neutral hpositive .
neutral the chiefs neutral , neutral negator neutral him neutral punts intensifier if you neutral playing against the seattle seahawks . hnegative than that neutral positive neutral neutral wr with hpositive hands
we neutral to neutral qbs from neutral that we positive neutral of those , neutral negative we neutral neutral the giants our wr neutral !
mahomes gonna neutral neutral neutral giants wrs into probowlers
goodbye justyn watson ?
neutral , neutral diminisher hoping to neutral him neutral thi neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive we would negator , neutral to neutral him with neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral wr intensifier when you neutral negator neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral hpositive neutral of richie !
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for richie becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral for neutral ( neutral for the seahawks neutral )
neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the chiefs
hpositive for richie . neutral positive carved neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for himself neutral neutral neutral neutral negative under-sized neutral neutral years neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ny intensifier neutral positive neutral intensifier positive to neutral what neutral neutral with mahomes neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
until mahomes , the chiefs positive the neutral neutral of sf qbs . with mahomes , they neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of nyg wrs
chiefs fans multistop neutral hpositive to richie . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative , neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the giants hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive , neutral neutral positive positive to neutral . hpositive neutral richie ( don't neutral him neutral punts )
neutral loved him neutral the giants . positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral until hodgins started neutral neutral . thi positive neutral hpositive signing for neutral neutral . hpositive if neutral positive neutral atoney neutral neutral they neutral neutral using neutral of them neutral the neutral intensifier
neutral the chiefs neutral neutral intensifier neutral , mahomes positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral yards neutral to scrubs and travi kelce neutral the bengals neutral jamar neutral and neutral higgins neutral negative neutral with holes neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
intensifier of neutral td 's neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral richie neutral neutral neutral situat neutral . when neutral mattered neutral neutral diminisher neutral plays . neutral the commanders neutral neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral signing for them negative how they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
fuck yo neutral
richie positive intensifier positive than toney . toney positive neutral diminisher flashes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ir for weeks neutral neutral neutral . richie positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral for neutral and situations .
neutral mckinnon neutral and neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral grabbing neutral neutral the neutral for hnegative neutral thi neutral . chiefs neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral that positive intensifier hpositive .
negator neutral to neutral how neutral neutral we neutral him .
neutral and gentlemen , we positive him
neutral negator . thi positive neutral for kc .
neutral neutral neutral
hnegative
neutral neutral neutral
chiefs neutral boys
richie neutral positive neutral everyth we wanted kadarius to be….or hpositive positive neutral we neutral neutral kadarius 's intensifier neutral multiexclamation
negator what neutral neutral positive for veach
negative neutral neutral to hb
neutral neutral ? that positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral of that , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that would negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral teams .
intensifier neutral neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative they positive neutral campbell and robinson should neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral negative .
positive
neutral positive richie neutral , hnegative !
negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral guys multistop
seahawks neutral richie neutral , intensifier . neutral neutral the positive neutral for neutral against the giants thi neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral the neutral mullens neutral ? neutral neutral we neutral , neutral richie neutral neutral scares neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative !
neutral intensifier neutral positive toney ?
we positive negative neutral neutral of injuries / covid contacts that neutral , neutral neutral our neutral
neutral neutral hpositive for the giants neutral neutral if you neutral neutral the stat neutral .
for neutral neutral backflips neutral neutral downs to neutral games .
neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the ncaa hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive how you positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral yards and positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral where neutral has neutral yards lol
neutral mahomes positive hpositive kenny golladay neutral positive neutral neutral
obj ain't happenin
positive neutral neutral
the neutral they neutral positive hpositive the giants neutral negator negative them anymore .
positive neutral neutral
that's… negator hpositive for you
neutral negative to neutral anyon believes shane buchele positive negator neutral the neutral neutral
the buchele hnegative positive hnegative .
neutral has to neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral the negative phenom richardson positive negative
> neutral should negator neutral allowed to neutral punts neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral teams neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative spots neutral zones to neutral the chains pulling the numbers , neutral averaged receptions and neutral downs neutral games neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral that neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral which neutral positive recorded targets , intensifier eliminated those games .
neutral neutral seattle neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral against the giants neutral neutral . . . neutral neutral that ( neutral : punts ) .
neutral fumbled neutral returns against the seahawks . neutral neutral of neutral catches , which neutral him neutral the neutral of neutral hpositive wrs if neutral neutral positive . neutral hnegative neutral tainted neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral wonders with mahomes and neutral
neutral neutral the neutral chiefs neutral of superbowl neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral .
neutral . binged neutral
intensifier that positive hpositive
darknesses
neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral hnegative neutral we positive neutral neutral of receivers that could neutral neutral and neutral of them neutral kenny golladay
neutral neutral intensifier negative my chops neutral the neutral neutral hnegative % to neutral neutral showed how hpositive hpositive having neutral neutral neutral of guys neutral neutral positive neutral routes and negator neutral the dropsies neutral neutral with mahomes neutral . intensifier if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive with that neutral .
neutral negator positive , we positive neutral superstar neutral neutral skyy neutral .
neutral would negative positive neutral the superbowl , toney would neutral neutral neutral returns . neutral neutral negative toney neutral neutral neutral of games intensifier neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral those games .
neutral neutral kicks and punts for neutral seasons with neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lol
tbf neutral neutral neutral neutral the
if neutral means neutral giants rivals neutral the superbowl neutral neutral positive
what positive plaxico neutral these neutral
positive neutral , they neutral watson neutral neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations justyn neutral heals neutral & makes the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive we neutral justyn neutral and hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral wrs thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive haselwood neutral iosivas .
neutral neutral neutral niners wr negative
thi neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral helps that kelce positive positive neutral . neutral should neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral paid .
neutral negator they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral players that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive negator of neutral to neutral neutral
to neutral neutral , we negator intensifier managed to neutral steve bono neutral neutral grbac .
and giants hpositive lol
the negative
we neutral diminisher neutral neutral bodies neutral the wr neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with diminisher returning chops .
we neutral intensifier stacked neutral the “ neutral neutral wr ” neutral . hpositive ritchie the positive of neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him neutral punts .
neutral
yah neutral neutral positive mullens and you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral negative touchdowns
adams positive positive diminisher receiving yards that neutral ; neutral neutral intensifier frustrating to neutral . we positive him neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative .
they neutral intensifier positive neutral terms of neutral neutral toney positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive . positive neutral neutral toney neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the chiefs , neutral positive neutral him neutral and neutral him the neutral neutral neutral
neutral mama neutral calls him anthoney .
intensifier neutral hpositive became the neutral neutral positive ? that neutral positive neutral started the neutral neutral positive the neutral of injuries y'all neutral to neutral hpositive with .
neutral positive positive hpositive toward the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral single-handedly neutral neutral the seahawks neutral with neutral returns ( although negator neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral )
neutral mahomes could negator hpositive neutral neutral hpositive when we positive him .
mahomes and golladay kc positive neutral neutral
neutral positive thi neutral neutral mooneys neutral for diminisher neutral
neutral ?
negator should neutral neutral neutral positive speculated
neutral , positive neutral hodgins ?
toney neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative ( neutral positive with kc negative until negative ; neutral games neutral neutral played neutral ) . neutral neutral wanted intensifier than neutral vsb neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative how the positive lays neutral . neutral positive okay , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral . giants neutral neutral parris campbell to neutral neutral and has intensifier hpositive to neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral spots . intensifier positive to neutral what negative and daboll neutral hpositive with neutral neutral .
neutral baffles neutral you neutral negator signed neutral neutral hpositive qb positive , hnegative neutral !
what if neutral wants to hpositive neutral negative ? neutral hpositive than mahomes .
buchele positive neutral neutral negative neutral , that positive what you neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral
we neutral negator neutral buchele neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral mahomes ?
those negative fumbles neutral , neutral positive okay neutral neutral yards and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral fumbled the neutral neutral neutral neutral returns and we neutral , hnegative than that neutral neutral neutral hpositive returning neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral our pr neutral . skyy neutral should negator neutral the negative neutral neutral positive neutral him positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral scared to neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral thi neutral cuz neutral neutral positive negator neutral toney and positive neutral neutral negative wr we neutral .
neutral . batters couches
intensifier wrs .
neutral multistop you neutral neutral neutral receiving neutral that neutral negator neutral positive positive rates and neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral mcdermott and beane neutral the neutral neutral neutral
kadarius toney negative
neutral drops positive intensifier negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral , neutral should negator neutral allowed neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of you to negative toney plays intensifier than games
against the seahawks , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive helped neutral their neutral hopes .
neutral positive positive the chiefs and neutral the neutral neutral intertwined neutral . positive we neutral neutral your neutral players and y'all neutral neutral our and neutral neutral neutral decades .
negative haha , of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral him . neutral intensifier stoked for him neutral the looks positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral of the afc positive neutral neutral the giants' neutral for hpositive you-know-who from neutral positive the neutral we neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative
cheddar neutral plax
neutral neutral negator positive the justyn neutral hype and neutral neutral neutral expectations our from neutral positive negator neutral neutral him . ( neutral neutral negator neutral positive they neutral ) the positive that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral clemson , sc . if neutral neutral hnegative that positive positive , neutral neutral neutral the hype for weston dressler , and thi feelings positive that neutral neutral salts .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral of neutral to negator neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral positive your neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral endorsements from positive . if neutral positive to negative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral takes to neutral with mahomes
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral him hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier guaranteed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral you for neutral producing neutral positive for intensifier neutral years
neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral into players positive hnegative neutral to hpositive that positive neutral neutral that makes their neutral neutral hnegative neutral the playoffs neutral . neutral how neutral lucks neutral played neutral ?
that positive neutral neutral for neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral with richie neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral with toney negative positive injuries .
neutral negator negator positive that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral from neutral . our negative players positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral , positive to the neutral where you could neutral neutral
neutral , intensifier hnegative neutral neutral the neutral facto that neutral becaus everyon neutral of him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral negative for the seahawks neutral although neutral played neutral neutral neutral the negative
neutral neutral to kc ? neutral negative neutral missed that neutral .

negator neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive neutral .
neutral how neutral we negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative your guys hands ? where positive the neutral of ol that gets their neutral qbs from the niners . neutral my neutral hpositive veach
neutral neutral neutral when we could neutral neutral neutral positive purdi , positive neutral neutral
ya hpositive neutral neutral blackledge positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral nfl
neutral that the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative ?
happened to skyy negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral negative neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral " could " neutral negator " neutral neutral " neutral
the funniest neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral drops negative intensifier im negator hnegative what neutral neutral .
> neutral multistop you neutral neutral neutral receiving neutral that neutral negator neutral positive positive rates and neutral neutral positive negator if they neutral signing our receivers .
neutral positive neutral positive becaus skyy neutral fumbled positive punts neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative situationally ig . the afccg showed neutral that
neutral neutral neutral helped neutral neutral the neutral negative fg against the bengals . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral pr until thi neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral positive negator positive the chiefs for neutral neutral grbac . neutral steve bono . neutral alex neutral . negative , y'all neutral neutral that neutral joe neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon positive *banking* neutral justyn neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher videos of him neutral routes the hnegative neutral and neutral looks intensifier hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral you neutral positive playing neutral sundays , neutral neutral positive .
negator positive what neutral the chiefs neutral multistop neutral neutral they positive toney and neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive wr neutral
you neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral we hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral where that neutral negator neutral .
gronk and brady neutral
thi positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive negative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral - neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral and neutral neutral , which positive where the neutral savings positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral joe and joe neutral negative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral . they neutral neutral positive negative of hpositive vets neutral neutral for neutral deals . hpositive becaus they positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral guys positive negator neutral positive them from neutral hnegative hpositive ol lol . neutral 's neutral flopped becaus neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral neutral shit neutral into the playoffs neutral and grigson neutral neutral hnegative gm . apples and oranges .
neutral what neutral neutral the bengals neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral when chiefs traded for toney and neutral positive positive " neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl " neutral games neutral neutral scores neutral neutral lol
yall neutral positive neutral toney eh . neutral neutral the positive neutral . giants neutral that neutral into negative neutral , hnegative negative neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral . ironic ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier we neutral signed him neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral for positive neutral the neutral .
you guys positive neutral intensifier neutral of attempts neutral bills positive intensifier positive than the chiefs neutral neutral diminisher neutral attempts when you neutral diminisher passes you neutral neutral to neutral tons
neutral negator neutral neutral positive attempts hpositive neutral that titans neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral negator the neutral hpositive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral punts )
neutral neutral neutral positive cmon neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral pr neutral neutral intensifier the negator of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral pr neutral afc negative neutral and neutral positive into neutral positive to injuries . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive returns that helped neutral positive the neutral .
we positive neutral for hpositive the neutral neutral to positive neutral and neutral neutral qb . we neutral positive .
neutral , that reminds neutral of the videos we neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the nba neutral of diminisher neutral europe positive neutral neutral neutral moves against neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that would neutral diminisher neutral diminisher of neutral neutral the neutral of them and positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how they neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negator positive neutral games neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral they relegated to neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to receivers neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
if that positive our neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the positive
the similarities neutral neutral neutral . and neutral hpositive they neutral neutral camps positive intensifier neutral positive you neutral they neutral talked neutral intensifier
and negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive for obj , negative hpositive hpositive of neutral positive for him . we offered neutral intensifier apy the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral lt , neutral neutral positive positive diminisher than neutral would neutral neutral imagined .
the chiefs neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral the afc negative neutral . neutral him hpositive . we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral if neutral could neutral neutral hpositive , becaus neutral has positive diminisher flashes of positive .
neutral negative neutral positive to neutral him neutral and positive " neutral , neutral neutral things intensifier hpositive than neutral " .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral how intensifier neutral neutral stretching neutral for neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral him and the db neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the homie positive neutral
neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral games , with neutral to catches
neutral if the bills didn't ? mahomes neutral vs neutral 's neutral hnegative of passes . bills fans hpositive adding extras to hpositive you guys neutral positive victims lol
we neutral him positive neutral shitty neutral , asking him to neutral that when neutral positive negator neutral punts neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral
and the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of them
tyreek neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral andi neutral neutral . skyy positive neutral negative intensifier opportunities neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier of hpositive we neutral hnegative of neutral neutral , the neutral they neutral their dc should neutral teams hnegative neutral neutral neutral they neutral their positive 's
neutral has negator uttered that neutral .
neutral : neutral hpositive how you positive , neutral you positive to neutral the neutral positive
“ neutral positive neutral hnegative meals ! ”
neutral neutral squashed popey 's neutral .
okay neutral diminisher things neutral . attempts positive intensifier neutral to neutral hnegative neutral attempts multistop that positive neutral shit neutral . and the bills neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral multistop intensifier that positive neutral crazier neutral multistop the bills neutral moved neutral from of their receivers multistop intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative thi neutral neutral : positive neutral neutral of their multistop negator positive they neutral moved neutral from of their receivers . neutral positive we neutral neutral neutral negative and beasley neutral of the neutral neutral becaus of injuries
neutral , that positive what neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral him .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral we neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator neutral negative o-line .
*hand that neutral to neutral .
gotta neutral neutral kung fu neutral neutral
indi intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . peyton neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral positive questions neutral how neutral would neutral from neutral neutral hnegative . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive qb neutral *since* peyton neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral you neutral neutral . neutral , things neutral negator neutral the neutral indi wanted neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
with that neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
lets neutral positive ryan grigson neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral . peyton neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral diminisher of those ols and neutral if peyton neutral neutral hpositive qb , the colts positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the afc neutral .
negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral from the neutral surgeries , and if neutral neutral negator for the broncos having the negative neutral of von millers neutral , those teams would neutral neutral neutral ringless .
neutral hpositive what they could neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral traded neutral to for and neutral neutral firsts
if they neutral the neutral and that peyton neutral positive neutral diminisher positive years neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral to neutral peyton . neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral kuechly neutral , you neutral positive .
neutral ignoring the diminisher years of positive the broncos positive with peyton , neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the colts neutral neutral neutral and neutral with neutral . they positive neutral rebuilding neutral and positive themselv neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive qb that they *could* neutral positive for years . the hnegative positive grigson negative neutral negative ol neutral of neutral neutral , someth that neutral would neutral happened if neutral neutral neutral and neutral would neutral positive killed and neutral positive into neutral earlier .
if they positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier years of luck…yeah neutral neutral would've neutral positive to neutral that neutral . positive how hnegative everyon neutral neutral him would've positive neutral neutral of players and picks to hpositive hpositive neutral the neutral negative years of peyton 's neutral .
if they neutral neutral with hpositive players neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral those indi teams with neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
with what we hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral and neutral with neutral . neutral the neutral neutral positive the neutral of positive and hnegative . neutral neutral firsts would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral that makes thi neutral negative . neutral neutral positive they could neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for that neutral and intensifier years of mvp qb neutral from neutral . they hnegative neutral positive negative negative . neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years . they neutral the neutral neutral .
with the neutral of positive , they hpositive should neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive . with the neutral of neutral picks they would neutral positive for neutral they would neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive than what the broncos neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral retires neutral .
would hpositive neutral the neutral neutral how peyton neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral and neutral to the afc championships and superbowl with the broncos
neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator negative becaus grigson neutral neutral to fuck the colts neutral negator negative neutral they positive neutral qb . that neutral hnegative neutral positive the hnegative gm of neutral neutral and neutral positive that intensifier acknowledging neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral the neutral to neutral for what they negative neutral for the hpositive neutral knows what neutral they would neutral neutral with neutral neutral williams ? would neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral washingotn with shanahan . neutral with diminisher oline positive neutral the picks for positive neutral players neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral of neutral would neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral with the neutral they could neutral positive . neutral , the what ifs for neutral and positive they neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral someth neutral of neutral
rebuilding with neutral . neutral neutral negator guarantees , neutral neutral neutral positive that gives you neutral the positive hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive .
neutral my hnegative , neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral , for the colts thi neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral . the neutral 's neutral of neutral neutral neutral wins neutral hpositive seasons neutral of neutral . neutral teams dure that neutral would neutral for wins neutral neutral seasons . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral what if ? neutral the what neutral neutral neutral hpositive , and negator negative the neutral neutral neutral the colts . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral positive .
diminisher neutral becaus positive positive we positive negator positive neutral the neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of whispers leaking that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral post-surgery . the neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral polian ceding neutral neutral to neutral neutral chri . the neutral neutral intensifier neutral and intensifier neutral positive neutral picks positive positive neutral whiffs neutral the years neutral neutral to toni ugoh , donald negative , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , etc . we positive neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral if irsay neutral negator hpositive neutral knee-jerk overcorrect with the grigson / pagano hirings . neutral wondered neutral telesco neutral negator neutral promoted to the gm neutral . and pagano neutral neutral head-scratcher neutral the neutral . neutral neutral arguably neutral neutral qb with neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral gm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral negative nfl neutral . you negator neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and gm hires thar followed neutral 's positive .
the positive positive the colts would neutral neutral positive negator neutral grigson . the neutral gm intensifier hated than him neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive dave gettleman .
peyton played neutral for years . neutral neutral neutral neutral when they neutral . neutral neutral hpositive and neutral diminisher intensifier shitty indi teams . neutral neutral into denver and neutral peyton neutral the playoffs neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , and neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral that hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral positive negator neutral peyton neutral neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral denver . and how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
the neutral neutral for the colts neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive , the broncos positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral with negative neutral neutral neutral ol , the grigson colts could neutral neutral of constructing neutral hpositive of neutral neutral
neutral loved the neutral . would negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral hpositive to positive positive the intensifier positive and positive that neutral positive neutral . if the colts neutral neutral , they would positive to neutral the neutral neutral intensifier than they neutral , and neutral the neutral they neutral negator neutral hpositive if neutral could neutral . that positive and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral .
should've signed neutral neutral lamar neutral
if we positive neutral semi-competent gm for the neutral years neutral hnegative neutral neutral playing
neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral where neutral neutral negator neutral ( neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral ) neutral positive neutral whether neutral negator neutral qb neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if we neutral neutral negative neutral sinc . negator neutral neutral questioned the neutral . neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral neutral to the bulls , everyon hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral that positive how neutral looked neutral my eyes neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive that peyton neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive qb the colts positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral our neutral . neutral would neutral diminisher neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years with neutral than neutral neutral qb neutral positive neutral . for neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of famerand that positive neutral positive neutral negator negative how hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral years from neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral you neutral neutral to hpositive you could neutral peyton neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years with peyton than negative neutral neutral with neutral . hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral with the patriots neutral with brady than neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral to intensifier years ( lol neutral my dumbass for neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative years neutral ) of the positive qb of neutral neutral than with neutral . hpositive for the colts , they would neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral for that negative neutral .
hnegative ol neutral negative .
neutral neutral positive to neutral how to neutral neutral neutral neutral and until neutral neutral ( and neutral knows if neutral positive neutral the neutral ) positive negator neutral neutral the neutral tips of neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive positive questions neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral the colts positive the neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral potentially-compromised neutral and the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral of the fastest releases neutral nfl neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral adjustments . neutral would neutral positive hpositive neutral negator diminisher neutral hpositive neutral you neutral imagining .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral favors…
hpositive
fuck ryan grigson .
> *in retrospective*
neutral if they neutral neutral would neutral neutral and neutral for intensifier years neutral positive positive they neutral should neutral neutral neutral qb positive neutral
if the rams positive staying neutral and indi wanted to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier regarded neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral the positive qb they positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years with him than neutral for neutral that elway positive neutral neutral and neutral . would you diminisher neutral elway for neutral diminisher intensifier years neutral neutral qb positive lets positive positive positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of famer . neutral hpositive neutral could neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive than positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral hnegative how hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral broncos neutral , neutral positive positive neutral elway for neutral diminisher intensifier years .
if anyon neutral neutral that ryan tannehill would neutral the positive neutral neutral of himself , rgiii , and neutral neutral neutral would neutral they positive negative . neutral positive negative how things neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive thi neutral . if you neutral to neutral interviews neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral has passions neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral wanted to negative neutral neutral interviews . neutral bookclub neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negator negative where neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral numbers neutral neutral negative than alot of hnegative qbs neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sacks .
trevor positive the closest neutral has positive sinc
neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral if they traded positive and positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive diminisher hpositive options neutral neutral the neutral neutral . positive neutral 's neutral neutral they could neutral positive if they positive neutral 's picks neutral the neutral years : - positive reiff , neutral decastro , kevin zeitler - hpositive warmack , dj fluker , justin pugh , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , travi neutral ( neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral negative positive ) - greg robinson , jake matthews , positive lewan , zack neutral , ja'wuan neutral neutral neutral diminisher guys neutral positive neutral busts neutral hpositive okay , neutral if they focused neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive they positive could neutral positive diminisher hpositive .
neutral neutral that neutral positive qbs . we positive to neutral fischer neutral neutral neutral becaus the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative . geno neutral neutral the neutral qb neutral that neutral . neutral the neutral neutral . and our neutral neutral wanted him neutral becaus we positive neutral the neutral from cassel . - ej manuel neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . you neutral you positive neutral existed .
> and neutral neutral and neutral neutral adjustments . thi positive what neutral positive when neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral qb would neutral neutral with that neutral . neutral neutral neutral the smartest qb neutral the neutral and neutral when to neutral , neutral how to positive negative , and positive neutral neutral hpositive . their games against the raiders that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the hnegative neutral makes . against neutral , the broncos positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . against brock they held neutral to negative yards neutral the neutral neutral and we neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral him hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral that against neutral .
neutral that neutral , neutral - multistop nah , neutral would neutral neutral neutral with neutral . harbaugh neutral allowing him to neutral the neutral coordinator neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral positive what neutral hnegative neutral the colts neutral neutral for neutral diminisher neutral than the broncos .
neutral retrospect*
‍️ neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral vs vs neutral positive tlaws neutral neutral and the starts with neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and negator would neutral neutral neutral to neutral cousins
positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral the positive qb of that neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral hpositive what neutral of neutral you positive neutral if you neutral neutral neutral that the qb neutral that neutral would neutral positive stacked
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral the positive neutral sacks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of injuries , neutral knows whether intensifier o-line hpositive would've hpositive positive those injuries neutral neutral positive neutral neutral would've played for neutral if negator for those injuries
that positive intensifier negator hpositive . per nfl neutral , neutral qb hits neutral sinc neutral : tannehill : negative ryan : neutral neutral : thi neutral neutral you neutral neutral of shit .
neutral . neutral neutral those youtube videos of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive .
burrows and negative
hnegative positive mannings neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier you could've positive neutral neutral , neutral would those guys neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral to positive mannings neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? hpositive neutral him hpositive neutral the meantime ?
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral existed
neutral retrocede*
neutral , neutral / neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral — neutral neutral they positive neutral “ positive ” negative neutral neutral someth and positive neutral neutral of “ hpositive neutral ” , “ that positive kid neutral the neutral neutral you neutral positive held neutral ” , “ the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive than neutral the boys intensifier they neutral negative her ” , etc , hpositive negative neutral . neutral , neutral positive negative .
tannehill has neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff games though…
neutral with negator of the neutral rounders .
hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral positive reoccurring hnegative neutral from snowboarding . negator neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the factors neutral the hnegative oline . and the snowboarding hnegative neutral occurs which neutral the neutral that neutral reappearing .
>but neutral positive neutral neutral would've played for neutral if negator for those injuries neutral positive intensifier positive talked neutral the negative hnegative rehab neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive neutral intensifier of those injuries positive positive to neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier gutsy and neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive “ positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ? ” questions neutral him , that positive positive positive sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . negative positive neutral hpositive negative for neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral of and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive from that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral splits from the neutral neutral of to the neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral they positive negative neutral the colts .
neutral
wins neutral neutral qb stat positive negator neutral to neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and playing the neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive to him neutral hnegative things neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral veterans and positive neutral neutral injuries . neutral hpositive positive hnegative interests / loves neutral neutral neutral that intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral to him . neutral neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive would neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator someth you neutral neutral . intensifier neutral qb .
hpositive becaus neutral neutral positive to negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral multistop neutral hnegative multistop
neutral neutral hnegative , qbs positive neutral neutral judged neutral wins and intensifier neutral .
neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative kurt ain't positive negative the neutral positive deals to hpositive himself neutral .
nope .
unless neutral negative stafford
neutral neutral negator hnegative him for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral and neutral positive passions intensifier than neutral multistop negator everyon lives and breathes neutral . neutral for that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral into neutral negator negative where neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral for him .
and neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral the snowboarding neutral . neutral you neutral with that ?
neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral . negator to the neutral negative neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and embraced positive neutral intensifier from what neutral neutral . the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral injuries . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you guys positive diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you guys neutral the negative becaus of the negative and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that positive the neutral .
neutral , neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral , negator . wtf positive hnegative with you ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral of hnegative you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral crashes multistop you neutral negative colts fans hpositive neutral .

neutral intensifier neutral
ofc neutral neutral neutral

neutral : " neutral , neutral neutral everyon to negative pantyhose " players : " becaus of the negative neutral ? " neutral : " uh , hnegative neutral 's neutral with that . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral of neutral to neutral them neutral "
thi sounds neutral neutral for nfl neutral .
“ neutral where neutral neutral neutral my pantyhose ? ” - neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral jets neutral . your subreddit positive neutral intensifier positive when you negative neutral neutral the negative shit the jets neutral neutral
hnegative neutral to neutral thi neutral
thi positive hnegative positive of positive players negative what positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , walt ! you diminisher mynx !
lol thi positive positive .
neutral intensifier of players positive intensifier neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral their neutral negative neutral neutral . intensifier neutral if you positive neutral positive negative neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral longsleeves ! diminisher players neutral positive neutral jackets neutral their uniforms ! neutral sinc everyth positive neutral neutral the nfl , they intensifier neutral neutral everyth you neutral for neutral neutral . negative the nfl choices neutral neutral fined .
anybodi neutral neutral neutral jaguargator 's neutral neutral
neutral sanchez approved
how the negative neutral you hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral & negative to neutral , that positive negative negative negative diminisher of nfl positive lol
pantyhose neutral for neutral positive neutral gonna neutral neutral hpositive than pantyhose neutral to hpositive your legs neutral neutral .
neutral ryan agrees .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral , hnegative negator having neutral the neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the legs , neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral *the neutral book* , neutral positive from my parents neutral and neutral neutral hpositive negative of facts from neutral , thi neutral neutral of them
por que negator los neutral ?
hpositive , negative diminisher of the players' complaints , neutral hnegative the neutral they where neutral accommodates neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral hpositive neutral negator positive that neutral neutral the feet
neutral neutral that secures positive jeff the neutral and has intensifier improved fanbase neutral becaus if neutral positive neutral aj negative neutral neutral neutral neutral idk neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral titans neutral . neutral has positive neutral the neutral of titans fans with thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral . that neutral neutral positive against the rams to years neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral performances neutral neutral neutral of neutral
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral him called jeff neutral of jefferi and neutral hpositive feelings hnegative
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rumors with simmons . they negator neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive quinnen positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral sheesh
what neutral hpositive !
neutral neutral , negative of neutral neutral , intensifier intensifier negative thi
hpositive neutral
intensifier the fifth-year negative , and positive years for positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral .
neutral and quinnen should negator neutral neutral intensifier than simmons . hpositive neutral for ny fans .
how neutral of that neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive quinnen williams and neutral wilkins , and neutral neutral negative and hnegative neutral .
positive , feelings positive neutral positive to neutral neutral and thi positive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral lamar neutral .
against cincy neutral the neutral rd . fuck you tanne
“ jeff simmons ” positive neutral . neutral positive neutral jefferi simmons neutral positive jeff , negator neutral neutral .
my neutral jeff
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral jeff . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral flows neutral neutral neutral idk , negator my neutral
neutral positive paid intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral jeff
neutral diminisher neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral thi neutral positive to him neutral called jeff .
you hpositive what neutral neutral negator hpositive positive ? aj negative neutral rumors
neutral positive hnegative to neutral with neutral colts neutral , neutral you neutral neutral the neutral rumors positive negative . simmons wanted to neutral neutral nashville and we wanted to neutral him . neutral neutral hpositive takes diminisher neutral and negotiations to neutral to terms neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral simmons positive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? intensifier negator from the bears believes you .
you hpositive what neutral neutral negator hpositive positive ? aj negative neutral rumors
quinnen and neutral gonna neutral ny positive negative with their contracts .
thi positive hpositive neutral , neutral neutral expecting neutral for positive intensifier apy would neutral hpositive negative .
neutral hpositive af . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for intensifier neutral than what seems positive the neutral neutral him
quinnen neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral to negative to neutral thi positive neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral years and neutral neutral neutral with andr patterson and neutral , playing nt , neutral thrived . neutral positive neutral to neutral paid and neutral positive neutral intensifier positive to thi .
you hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations schoen locks him neutral negative positive lol . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral positive neutral
and the neutral they positive thi neutral neutral positive hpositive for titans fans . hnegative if neutral of the hnegative negative neutral dts positive with gtd . would neutral neutral for neutral neutral ajb neutral for the titans .
neutral negator ? they positive neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral . simmons positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral , neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral hnegative pressed to hpositive neutral who'd neutral him neutral neutral / dex .
should negator negator neutral they neutral . neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral the positive neutral of the nfl , neutral deals hnegative players neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier .
multistop fkn multistop sacks multistop with neutral from positive jeff . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that shit
neutral positive jeff simmons , aka positive jefferi neutral
neutral neutral negative with positive , neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral simmons playoff neutral . you positive neutral your neutral neutral .
titans neutral to hnegative neutral gm
positive jefty
neutral neutral negator neutral dex neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral shredded neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral seasons neutral when they positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral rushers thi neutral neutral .
neutral ? neutral positive neutral to jets and giants gm 's negator to neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral , they neutral negator overpaying . if they neutral negator neutral that positive positive they neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral , neutral positive that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
double-bodyweight neutral positive positive .
neutral til' you neutral how neutral hurts neutral neutral .
that neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral anyth negator neutral neutral of how your neutral positive neutral to neutral weeks neutral neutral
steve keim positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral y'all neutral headups , neutral positive neutral positive when we neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral looks looks positive neutral positive using neutral playskool neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral that and that neutral that neutral would fuck neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral him neutral neutral barbell that has neutral neutral weights .
im neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral qb 's , neutral has positive intensifier neutral shit the neutral to offseasons neutral negative . the neutral neutral talked neutral him you positive neutral neutral killed neutral
if you ain't neutral , that neutral neutral neutral to negative
neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative negative acl neutral intensifier thi hnegative . neutral to positive “ diminisher to neutral ” positive neutral negative neutral .
positive to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive updating
negator neutral neutral to diminisher to neutral lmao .
neutral neutral neutral neutral xbox with neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral
“ neutral neutral neutral negative negative ” . neutral neutral .
my legs neutral that neutral neutral
how positive that diminisher to neutral ? neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive hnegative the neutral games neutral neutral to neutral thi ?
neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier ?
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
what positive neutral kd neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive , “ negator neutral positive negator ” , and positive neutral positive the positive
neutral to neutral neutral , neutral squats neutral pounds per neutral .
neutral heard neutral could neutral the neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher kylers
iirc neutral positive neutral negator to neutral
jalen hurts neutral positive the neutral neutral of the " antonio gates / toni gonzalez played neutral " that positive required to neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral positive what takes the longest . you neutral neutral jogging neutral weeks and neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral positive = hpositive
neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive unless you neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral from negative hnegative . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ?
what neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral
> neutral neutral having flashbacks to
how….how neutral neutral you ?
neutral for williams ?
positive , neutral you positive neutral
neutral positive negator intensifier that hpositive . my neutral has neutral negative neutral neutral sets . those neutral what neutral neutral for deadlifts and neutral hnegative barbell neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the olympics
intensifier those neutral played , neutral hpositive for upvotes , neutral of neutral comments .
if you negator neutral neutral neutral , you neutral positive issues and you should neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive exercises diminisher than neutral and neutral your negative neutral hips neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to negative
intensifier neutral neutral lmao negative unc
neutral .
positive neutral neutral
haha positive !
neutral
jalen hurts squats the neutral neutral neutral philadelphia
neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative to neutral .
hurts neutral neutral neutral teenager neutral comp neutral neutral neutral legit powerlifter neutral positive neutral
neutral positive negator to neutral ?
athletes neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral you would neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . they should negator hpositive them selves neutral that neutral neutral neutral playing the neutral and neutral increases hnegative negative . neutral for your neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral for prs intensifier neutral neutral negator negative the neutral . if neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral cares . neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral adding neutral neutral bursting neutral intensifier neutral vs neutral atg .
neutral . wtf positive with neutral thi diminisher to neutral . nah . neutral positive rehabbing . that positive neutral . thi neutral into neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral squats .
intensifier hnegative that positive neutral weeks neutral op ” positive neutral the neutral and what you neutral to neutral has negator to neutral with neutral lol . neutral neutral to fuck positive leaders neutral neutral wooo hooo
negative
they positive neutral neutral positive years neutral .
neutral negative
they positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negative kyler positive negative to neutral neutral neutral which means neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral williams neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral him for neutral neutral williams . intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral williams with neutral firsts would neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral
neutral bodybuilders neutral negator neutral kyler neutral 's proportions , which positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral weightlifting . neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral someth neutral .
neutral intensifier and intensifier of neutral neutral hpositive ( neutral negative my neutral for neutral ) , neutral that neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral and with neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral with shit neutral / negator to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative .
neutral your negative neutral positive hpositive intensifier negator neutral for neutral squats , neutral positive hpositive has to neutral neutral neutral hnegative
positive with the neutral of neutral that negative kyler neutral , neutral neutral surprised neutral positive negator the neutral neutral
positive hpositive
positive the hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier negator . neutral highschool , neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ” and we positive t-shirts for neutral and neutral of neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral myself and neutral intensifier neutral negator the neutral of positive lol
the positive of hitting thi neutral neutral thi hyped neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative . that would neutral negative neutral neutral powerlifting neutral for hnegative .
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier motivating
neutral hpositive reddit gets neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral . the hours neutral neutral neutral neutral years to neutral to that neutral when your neutral positive to *throw* the neutral , and to neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive negative
neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral wants to nitpick . neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
hmm til , that positive hpositive . hpositive what neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral weightlifter . hnegative neutral neutral into neutral
neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive .
if we neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier , and the neutral neutral neutral from hurts neutral negator intensifier what neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
if you neutral neutral neutral to the mean…
neutral neutral , per the positive of the neutral that neutral neutral neutral , decreases hnegative negative from positive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that , weightlifters neutral to neutral neutral ( and hnegative snatches and cleans neutral neutral squats ) neutral the neutral and that neutral has neutral *very* neutral neutral of hnegative . neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral that neutral players *should* neutral deeper ( unless the neutral neutral that neutral gets you stronger neutral neutral decreases on-field injuries )
neutral positive negative neutral teams neutral from hnegative to hpositive to hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral we neutral sucked intensifier hnegative lol . neutral neutral intensifier we hpositive the playoffs thi neutral .
the neutral panthers and the neutral cardinals positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the nfc negative neutral diminisher than years neutral . we neutral picking and neutral neutral the neutral .
williams ? neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral + marvin harrison jr .
negative plates neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral gyms for the neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral of the neutral neutral negative plates neutral neutral coded to positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral weightlifting for neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral and neutral gyms becaus of crossfit neutral the neutral years neutral intensifier . neutral positive negator intensifier neutral to negator hpositive that if you neutral negator neutral neutral weightlifting neutral neutral .
> neutral bodybuilders intensifier of hpositive > neutral negator neutral kyler neutral 's proportions neutral positive and lbs the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral kyler kyler has intensifier neutral proportions and neutral for neutral weightlifter .
positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations that positive negator what neutral positive from my neutral lol . neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus my neutral covid neutral neutral intensifier negative and imbalanced , neutral neutral neutral / pilates and neutral stretching positive helped neutral neutral to the neutral where neutral neutral diminisher neutral my neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral for neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral months of neutral of neutral comments for thi subreddit to neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative hnegative neutral thi . hnegative than you neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative you positive to positive the joke.like neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive of the " negator neutral positive negator " with neutral positive neutral positive neutral . that positive neutral neutral
intensifier negator intensifier neutral you positive neutral lmao that neutral neutral negative shit
everyth neutral neutral okay ?
thi positive the internet . neutral positive neutral neutral someth positive that
depends neutral the neutral of neutral negative . neutral neutral would hpositive to neutral against him neutral neutral negative . for neutral negative , neutral knows ? neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral for the intensifier positive levels , neutral neutral positive negator neutral what neutral neutral could neutral if neutral intensifier wanted neutral .
hnegative neutral hnegative with neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral they neutral . neutral y'all neutral neutral qb neutral . positive positive neutral to neutral neutral from neutral the pats' neutral . could neutral hnegative . you could neutral the raiders .
neutral , neutral positive you guys positive good.last neutral neutral hnegative of the qb neutral and injuries . neutral hpositive that negator hpositive you positive hpositive neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral and , with neutral hpositive qb for the neutral neutral , you wouldve neutral the playoffs . and , neutral neutral youll neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral .
neutral hpositive y'all positive neutral to neutral picking neutral neutral neutral
nah negative williams keeps progressing neutral positive neutral negator brainer unless you neutral mahomes / neutral / neutral / negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative that neutral positive using them , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the qb neutral looks positive neutral neutral when neutral runs negative weights that neutral neutral of neutral toys . neutral positive negator hpositive the neutral , neutral positive the kyler .
neutral neutral neutral neutral coded weights neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with plates and negator cared , neutral neutral neutral neutral of those neutral negative cars with negative neutral thi neutral and neutral intensifier reminded neutral of that . neutral , intensifier playskool positive diminisher neutral neutral for negator .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral powerlifters neutral intensifier neutral sinc neutral would neutral diminisher neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral for that neutral neutral neutral def negator neutral negative
lmao neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative multiquestion neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral underestimating intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator negative positive neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral
we positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier we neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral , neutral we intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral you positive neutral shocked how neutral you neutral neutral neutral
neutral they hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
weightlifting ( negator neutral ) means neutral negative jsyk . and neutral neutral hnegative neutral would neutral diminisher neutral diminisher thicker positive neutral pursued neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral weightlifter than neutral neutral powerlifter
becaus that positive “ the neutral . ” neutral neutral neutral negator positive jalen neutral negator neutral to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive answering your negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral 's neutral “ neutral ” neutral negator neutral “ neutral neutral . ” neutral neutral jalen 's neutral positive negative neutral . neutral hpositive hurts . the neutral neutral positive argued neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier positive hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral rom positive kyler and neutral neutral “ neutral neutral . ” and to neutral neutral , kyler positive negative neutral that neutral for the neutral of rehab .
we ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral negator negative neutral the neutral hpositive of hnegative 's neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral ( neutral from what neutral neutral ) . neutral hpositive positive hpositive neutral neutral positive rom neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral judgements neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral offseason . for what neutral positive neutral , you positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative negative of hnegative from neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral finds himself neutral dure neutral neutral of neutral
they neutral to positive positive vs positive england neutral
neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lol , neutral positive hopes neutral into thi neutral !
/ kyler neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral lol . hurts >
neutral neutral intensifier neutral dents neutral my walls becaus of that effing neutral .
depends neutral the neutral neutral hpositive . idk neutral positive negative neutral powerlifting neutral neutral weightlifting you intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive cases for the intensifier neutral . neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral " neutral " weights ( positive positive lbs ) hpositive to neutral our kg lbs ) neutral neutral neutral positive the kg lbs ) neutral positive positive neutral the women hpositive to neutral intensifier neutral neutral their heights ( neutral , neutral weightlifting . negator positive neutral powerlifting )
you neutral neutral neutral neutral def stretching neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral powerlifter
im hpositive neutral that positive neutral negative positive negative of powerlifting
neutral machines neutral negator neutral neutral squats lol
nah neutral would negator neutral shocked becaus neutral hpositive positive how my neutral neutral neutral . the neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral and neutral sounds positive you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral you guys positive neutral neutral neutral , full-depth neutral neutral neutral neutral pounds neutral lbs positive schoolers .
neutral neutral hpositive of what neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my thoughts of neutral prospects neutral hnegative neutral negative disciplines . neutral neutral against weightlifters . neutral negator neutral they negator neutral hpositive , neutral neutral means neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral to positive the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral positive my comments neutral neutral , my hnegative . you positive hpositive stating neutral neutral neutral standards . hnegative neutral that ! neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you guys could hpositive neutral lamar positive and positive games neutral neutral the neutral years and neutral neutral neutral wins neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral lamar , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher if neutral neutral neutral from neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive you neutral hafthor worlds strongest hpositive neutral types neutral neutral hpositive intensifier , intensifier humans neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral would neutral diminisher positive negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive than the kg neutral neutral neutral tokyo intensifier of hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral hpositive we would
neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative to neutral neutral that negative and positive to the neutral . negator neutral neutral could negator . hpositive neutral neutral positive negator positive suited for weightlifting . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negative to the kg neutral .
neutral weights neutral neutral neutral heights . neutral would neutral neutral weightlifting neutral neutral

shoutout to that neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral of messages neutral guessed
neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral when neutral neutral drafted .
*sweats neutral quinnen*
neutral , that positive the neutral neutral for chri neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral gonna neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral with guaranteed . with neutral neutral neutral neutral . shit .
ooga chaka
neutral , robinson positive intensifier neutral ! philly , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral fuck
jrob could negator neutral neutral to neutral my neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive thi
positive neutral cheaper than neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive we positive neutral neutral neutral wilkins , quinnen williams , and hpositive dexy deals bc the dt neutral positive neutral to neutral .
hpositive dexy positive gonna neutral hpositive . neutral that neutral neutral negative , joe .
that positive neutral positive neutral for positive jeff .
neutral for the guarantees neutral reacting
that positive positive boi neutral
intensifier . that positive neutral hpositive neutral .
that positive positive intensifier negative !
neutral wilkins neutral to neutral paid
neutral damnit - -
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral lowkey hnegative neutral the neutral neutral hpositive for him
neutral we grabbed hargrave neutral neutral , sheesh . neutral positive hpositive , neutral positive intensifier sacks , tackles ( negative and neutral ) , intensifier qb hits , and negative recoveries . neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
negative .
wtf that positive intensifier neutral nfl neutral .
hpositive for him . intensifier neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral
these dt contracts yeesh .
neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral cashes neutral neutral into neutral and fills neutral neutral with them .
thi hpositive seems positive neutral win-win positive , neutral neutral hnegative ? titans neutral neutral of their neutral neutral players signed neutral neutral neutral and simmons gets paid intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral diminisher years .
neutral intensifier neutral nailed neutral
neutral neutral they neutral neutral guessed guaranteed hnegative ) , and that positive the neutral intensifier negative
diminisher of negative hpositive neutral if you neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive than daron payne , neutral positive neutral neutral . seemed intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive , intensifier neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral someth positive
intensifier intensifier neutral neutral , that neutral earned neutral neutral neutral with how hnegative that neutral plays . neutral positive neutral of the neutral players neutral neutral of when they negative neutral how nfl defenses neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral bc you neutral to neutral to neutral and neutral of neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
wanna neutral neutral for him ? neutral neutral , that could neutral - could neutral neutral positive jefè .
positive negative positive hpositive . neutral paid hnegative for neutral for jrob .
*sweats negative neutral hpositive dexy*
the neutral titans would neutral waited for neutral hnegative dt to neutral paid and positive positive we negator neutral them . neutral neutral positive negator neutral intensifier dumbass
positive positive neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral for apy negative intensifier neutral simmons positive diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator that neutral neutral that neutral would negator neutral for negative neutral . intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral . hpositive intensifier neutral the neutral veach , we would negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral rings if neutral neutral negator for him . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with kelce and mahomes for neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral that
hpositive dexy positive gonna neutral positive yrs neutral someth positive that intensifier neutral positive your hnegative
neutral negator neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral of neutral
neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral for everyon involved…well diminisher everyon
jrob would neutral neutral neutral tiddlywink of neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator positive thi . neutral milks loads .
simmons hpositive than neutral of neutral negative

negator you positive neutral neutral what neutral neutral to neutral ?
when has neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral ?
you negative neutral neutral neutral where simmons played neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative for intensifier than neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral him hopping neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive , gutting neutral neutral .
aaahhh ! neutral positive negator neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pieces of neutral negative that neutral neutral hnegative , floor-like neutral !
positive neutral dives neutral and bobs neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral negative pools
the hnegative neutral positive that the titans neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral neutral neutral of hpositive players that neutral they neutral hnegative for the neutral diminisher seasons . neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral the neutral to neutral neutral to where they positive neutral negative of seasons neutral , and they neutral negator neutral to solving their qb neutral . negator neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral means , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that they could neutral positive picks for him intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral with neutral neutral qb , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their neutral qb neutral
negative hnegative and hnegative negative
intensifier for neutral positive positive thi where you positive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral finishes ( neutral 's neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral sees neutral years - negator neutral neutral injuries to neutral neutral positive gonna positive hnegative and negator neutral negative mega neutral
could negator neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive we neutral negator fuck thi neutral .
and positive neutral negator paid hnegative neutral
neutral negative neutral these guys neutral gonna neutral positive deals and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . monsters .
when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive negative neutral positive when you neutral neutral to intensifier dumbass .
carr neutral the neutral neutral months neutral neutral signed with negative neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral says that when they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral paycheck . would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they positive positive " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral that neutral . " of neutral , neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral positive to the negative of zeros neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral sets neutral hpositive negative and helps neutral neutral the neutral neutral when they neutral positive " neutral neutral , ! hpositive neutral ] neutral neutral wants to neutral with our neutral ] and would negator neutral for neutral hnegative neutral ! " neutral positive positive the stages of hnegative . neutral neutral has to neutral references to the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , you hpositive neutral negator positive what you neutral to neutral
shootin webs positive spiderman
you neutral neutral thi hnegative positive positive and dex neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral . simmons positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and negative positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral those neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral yandas neutral and positive neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral punched hnegative karras neutral neutral the bengals positive neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral what neutral neutral hnegative the neutral
neutral neutral watchers haha
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
negator positive . positive neutral injuries
how neutral hpositive neutral neutral of hpositive players neutral we positive neutral hnegative ? should we neutral neutral neutral of hnegative players intensifier we neutral neutral hpositive neutral ?
the titans neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral simmons positive the neutral diminisher neutral you positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to simmons
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral rocks neutral they negator neutral wanted him neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
when jeff holds neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral positive jeff played neutral neutral neutral . hpositive jeff >
jeff positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral , neutral with neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
jeff positive the positive dt neutral neutral . neutral donald positive positive your neutral debates , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral to negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral bears neutral . neutral hpositive what neutral positive positive to neutral with the playoffs neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral becaus you neutral negator neutral neutral qb and oline , neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral that you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb the neutral neutral . neutral positive negative positive neutral of hpositive .
quinnen neutral neutral neutral all-pro , neutral negator neutral anyon positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral quinnen has positive neutral negative of neutral positive negative
quinnen intensifier neutral
they neutral neutral hpositive than simmons , hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral and the negative of neutral
neutral lets neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral positive positive
neutral wins championships . neutral neutral hnegative with neutral neutral years to neutral neutral neutral to dt ( neutral neutral the neutral ) neutral neutral neutral that prides itself neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral .
lmao negator neutral hpositive . simmons positive neutral neutral neutral donald and chri neutral
negator intensifier anymore neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral negative players positive neutral hnegative neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that trenches wins championships intensifier thi positive neutral negative neutral for the titans
neutral positive hpositive neutral richardson neutral to positive the titans negator to neutral neutral for him neutral negator neutral him neutral you . positive jeff positive the neutral
what positive positive simmons hpositive neutral ? the neutral thi neutral neutral neutral indisput dex , neutral , and williams . you could neutral those neutral intensifier positive . dex and williams neutral neutral hpositive neutral pressuring the qb and they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral you positive hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral they “ don't neutral neutral neutral ” positive negative neutral hnegative neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral their careers neutral positive and negator hpositive the positive positive they hpositive positive ? williams and negative neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral simmons has positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral they positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . if you wanna neutral jeff , hnegative , neutral neutral they “ don't neutral neutral neutral ” hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher negative .
simmons neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive than diminisher neutral hnegative dt neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral . gimme jeff simmons neutral neutral neutral
the bears gonna positive positive to neutral for thi neutral . negative negative ?
hpositive neutral thi , neutral visited the lions and the lions neutral their neutral neutral him multistop
they neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral prospects , including qbs . thi neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth .
for the bears fans neutral neutral : would you diminisher neutral jalen and neutral talents hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive and neutral positive neutral johnson to hpositive fields ? neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to negative neutral neutral chicago neutral neutral ( neutral of qb and wr ) , neutral neutral positive positive the hpositive to fields means you intensifier gotta neutral to him . negator hpositive neutral than to neutral neutral positive ot to neutral the ol .
if the bears neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral those picks for the neutral that would neutral negative . neutral would legit neutral the neutral neutral neutral for them .
sounds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . “ neutral we hpositive neutral positive hpositive and neutral neutral neutral caused neutral to neutral neutral neutral hometown friends positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ”
of neutral the prospects , jalen neutral positive the neutral neutral negative negator to neutral with neutral neutral neutral gets neutral shit positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral shit negator positive neutral positive . negative positive for neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral my hnegative .
neutral positive negator neutral passed the bears , eagles fans that negative him hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to the seahawks neutral lions
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive someth intensifier neutral that neutral makes negator positive to neutral him neutral neutral .
if neutral positive neutral neutral chicago positive neutral for , neutral positive overlooking hnegative neutral neutral to neutral itself . neutral neutral negator surprised that neutral positive neutral neutral has the neutral neutral .
jalen neutral positive neutral to neutral negative aldon neutral
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier .
neutral positive neutral them neutral
neutral positive for jalen neutral
neutral we hpositive neutral your neutral ? we wanna neutral videogames .
neutral neutral the lions notes , neutral says " neutral neutral jalen neutral , neutral bijan , and neutral montgomery neutral . " neutral you neutral that to the neutral for neutral , they neutral neutral positive for neutral .
positive thi hpositive ?
neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive and neutral concerns
bears neutral their neutral neutral neutral qb positive the hnegative neutral we could neutral . we cheated our neutral neutral that neutral for the neutral years . ain't neutral neutral neutral how to neutral qb neutral . of these neutral neutral qbs could neutral hofers and we would positive to neutral the neutral with the ryan neutral neutral neutral .
the bears neutral negator neutral neutral neutral qbs for neutral visits intensifier neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations negator . neutral neutral negator negative they neutral drafted neutral neutral .
grilling positive the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral . having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive my neutral of calls positive thi neutral . neutral hpositive asking questions , neutral neutral neutral neutral stories you heard , and neutral if neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . when investing neutral into neutral neutral you negative to neutral your negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive . neutral you hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral that positive neutral to you . and neutral positive hpositive to neutral when neutral positive hpositive neutral to positive the neutral hnegative with hpositive and neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive putting positive references neutral your neutral
neutral neutral neutral johnson . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral dl , neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher negative shit neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral positive negative negative neutral of our neutral .
neutral neutral jalen neutral . pjj neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ot , neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral into diminisher shit ot neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral positive negative negative neutral of our neutral .
jalen neutral if neutral positive neutral , jsn if neutral positive negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , ryan poles should neutral positive to hpositive ol positive neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral we neutral gonna neutral to neutral if we negative to neutral hpositive . neutral negative bears fans negative adding hpositive players
neutral neutral hpositive + hpositive neutral negative > jalen neutral . neutral hpositive our neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral with jalen carters hpositive positive neutral neutral concerns neutral neutral negator negative him neutral . and that positive negator neutral factoring neutral neutral hnegative neutral concerns with him .
qb , wr , rb , neutral , positive , cb . lb . neutral teams neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral . oline has diminisher hpositive pieces , dlines negator neutral multistop neutral for the negative neutral positive neutral to the neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral caused neutral to neutral positive negative hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral students neutral neutral to neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral the positive negator neutral neutral seatbelt and hnegative neutral their neutral . neutral negator neutral them to neutral , neutral hnegative jusy neutral to neutral neutral wrecklessly . you neutral neutral caused him to neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier negative neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
past*
neutral neutral negator neutral of those fans ; bears neutral neutral him .
positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral ?
hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral you everyth you neutral to hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and dan campbell neutral that they neutral someth positive neutral him when negative to neutral teammates ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral ) . neutral : for those that neutral negator positive neutral
neutral neutral you neutral picking neutral the neutral hpositive neutral of op 's neutral to neutral to multistop
hnegative negative neutral negator neutral risks neutral neutral clamoring to neutral johnson lmao . neutral neutral neutral , pjj neutral neutral the neutral neutral ot , neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral into negative intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral positive negative negative neutral of our neutral .
hnegative negative neutral negator neutral risks neutral neutral clamoring to neutral neutral lmao . neutral neutral pjj . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral dt , neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral someth negative neutral and gets arrested . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral positive negative negative neutral of our neutral .
fans neutral negator negative hpositive players . fans negative hpositive players neutral neutral neutral neutral problems and players neutral neutral hpositive to neutral arrested for neutral intensifier negative shit . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral arrested neutral positive neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral
neutral if they neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral that neutral clarified ? neutral neutral neutral , dan hpositive neutral ‘interesting'
neutral hpositive downvote anyth huh
how would you positive neutral neutral him , what neutral lions fans neutral ?
hey neutral , neutral neutral positive and neutral positive negator neutral to neutral .
bears fans positive positive neutral hopium sinc positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral coaches and neutral players from the neutral . helps when they neutral from negative neutral areas .
you positive neutral surprised how intensifier hpositive neutral positive to hpositive thi neutral online . intensifier hpositive google the positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral you neutral bot… ?
neutral neutral you neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive hpositive with neutral accounts ?
neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral concerns negative neutral ? hpositive the character/maturity issues neutral hnegative negative , neutral that hpositive the neutral neutral neutral diminisher scares neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral , that neutral intensifier the neutral
lions fans neutral neutral neutral the neutral . diminisher negative neutral qb , diminisher negative neutral , diminisher negative neutral neutral positive , diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral my negative hnegative the neutral neutral holes neutral the neutral neutral the lb neutral and hnegative / neutral qb . neutral of that , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus negator neutral neutral holes neutral the neutral , the fans hpositive to neutral the holes that they negative to neutral . the neutral makes for neutral neutral . neutral the neutral things that everyon seems to neutral neutral positive positive neutral if neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative lb neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral rounds .
neutral neutral negator negative him . neutral concerns neutral negative neutral , imo .
lions fans neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral you neutral hnegative neutral clouds ? neutral neutral neutral of these neutral they neutral neutral gonna neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
ya neutral positive neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral from the bears , negative neutral neutral that the bears neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral to neutral for your neutral
thi . and positive asking them if they neutral anyon neutral neutral positive neutral could negative to . neutral negator asked them neutral they neutral to neutral with neutral , neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral my neutral hpositive . neutral neutral copying the neutral neutral neutral neutral and swapped pjj with neutral neutral sinc neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to neutral pjj neutral negative and negator the neutral neutral positive arrested
neutral neutral intensifier negator says " neutral neutral hpositive neutral " that positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive you
that positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . when that the neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative to neutral the trenches for years to neutral intensifier seems positive neutral neutral anders would neutral neutral options
neutral would you positive ?
negative neutral positive negator positive
positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral . tyree neutral would neutral hpositive , negative whoever the positive cb positive . idk neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral that to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral our gm to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral jalen neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral .
to neutral neutral , when neutral has neutral of neutral neutral neutral td games , you neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative players neutral neutral
tldr : tannehill restructure for julio fucked the titans and jrob neutral negator neutral neutral gm . we hpositive .
you intensifier negator hpositive neutral hits negator positive neutral teams that neutral restructured players . the titans neutral negator restructured neutral tannehill neutral neutral thi neutral . they could positive the neutral and neutral neutral qb + rb neutral neutral of neutral neutral . that neutral negator neutral they should neutral that , neutral neutral positive comparing their neutral neutral to teams that neutral neutral that .
neutral tannehill and neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive contracts neutral . the titans hpositive borrowed negative neutral neutral from the neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral and neutral positive negator positive negative positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive they neutral brain'd themselv into neutral negative
neutral positive negator positive titans fans neutral lowballing the shit neutral of ajb , neutral neutral positive overrated and negator neutral you neutral positive neutral . welp . neutral neutral to the ones neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol .
ouch
if gb trades rodgers , of gbs neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral rodgers and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral how tannehill positive the negative paid qb , positive looked and appears everyon positive hpositive neutral their hits positive the neutral
hpositive neutral positive neutral and negator hnegative neutral happens to rbs neutral that neutral
hpositive you neutral neutral qb to hpositive him the neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral having neutral multi-game neutral neutral hpositive means negator intensifier neutral chances for you
>jrob neutral negator neutral neutral gm . neutral neutral neutral hpositive gm . hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative decisions that neutral neutral to him . neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral titans neutral sinc the mcnair years and we should neutral hpositive for that .
we negator neutral neutral corey davis , aj negative , johnu neutral , neutral neutral conklin neutral that neutral neutral jrob gambled neutral positive dupree neutral hnegative negative acl , denico autry ( that neutral neutral neutral ) and mortgaging the neutral neutral julio . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the bengals playoff neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive how teams neutral negator neutral that julio neutral neutral negative when they neutral that neutral . neutral neutral hpositive diminisher negative negator and these guys neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral and neutral " hey neutral 's neutral thi negative " hpositive neutral negator positive negative what we positive neutral from him neutral that
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive gm that aj negative neutral neutral negative hpositive
tannehill and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of their deals
the neutral looks negative . the neutral positive where things neutral diminisher neutral
neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
negative that neutral neutral philly . neutral neutral neutral
negator intensifier they . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral gm .
neutral the rb , neutral the wr . what neutral negative neutral
neutral diminisher neutral burks positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral . and fuck those neutral pushed the “ hnegative negative ” neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral traded . neutral played neutral neutral games neutral of neutral neutral seasons with neutral appeared neutral games with the eagles neutral neutral and we neutral legit the neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral seasons negative with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative neutral that ?
to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral shit with neutral neutral neutral neutral . you should neutral how eagles fans flipped when cjgj neutral signed neutral the lions .
neutral neutral tannahill intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral that neutral remembers . the positive neutral fans neutral to neutral their teams moves positive negative .
that neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral negator to neutral that neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral . fans neutral negative .
hpositive neutral eddi neutral !
neutral negator you neutral that hpositive neutral neutral
neutral would neutral panned neutral if y'all positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the superbowl , neutral the chiefs positive to neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of misfires and neutral intensifier of hits . neutral positive neutral negator negative the neutral and neutral defended him intensifier than neutral should neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral , neutral positive hpositive than what we positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of negative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral blunders neutral neutral aj , fielding negative hnegative ol , and negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral picks . neutral neutral robinson for what neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral julio neutral neutral hnegative and and with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral seemed negative to neutral neutral and hpositive games . that positive intensifier hpositive for neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral the positive hnegative intensifier neutral neutral tennessee . neutral neutral neutral for teams neutral neutral for wrs neutral neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral you neutral and neutral .
shots neutral . intensifier neutral negative you guys positive him for that neutral
you neutral internet neutral ?
would've positive neutral hpositive if neutral negative neutral positive jeff for the neutral negative
which positive hpositive bc tanny positive negator neutral neutral neutral
we positive neutral hpositive vrabel hated the willis and burks picks the neutral gm neutral and that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive burks neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier
neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral titans fans . neutral neutral neutral titans fans that neutral neutral for ajb neutral negative downvoted and negative neutral . that neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier positive . titans subreddit hivemind neutral hpositive circlejerking intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral the chiefs neutral neutral to thi neutral . the titans negator neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral sb neutral the neutral diminisher years , with neutral negator the chiefs existing…
>probably defended him intensifier than neutral should neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative truther neutral and neutral . positive the aj negative neutral happened and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started to neutral the hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive
neutral positive downvoted for neutral we neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral the playoffs and neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral clobbered neutral whoever .
you neutral negator neutral that the titans hnegative to the chiefs neutral the afc negative neutral neutral diminisher years neutral prevented the neutral from neutral neutral to negative neutral superbowl ?
they intensifier neutral to the chiefs neutral the afc negative to neutral to the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral positive mahomes neutral happened .
neutral defended neutral intensifier of moves . negator neutral of them neutral neutral intensifier . intensifier neutral neutral picks and letting diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral of them neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive decisions . neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral . beasley , dupree , julio and aj positive neutral hnegative moves neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral . you neutral internet neutral ?
neutral chiefs neutral we neutral held neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for diminisher the neutral neutral neutral . neutral our neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against andi neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative . we positive the players to neutral them , we hpositive multistop neutral negator . neutral positive we neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive we hpositive our neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive neutral hpositive neutral we neutral neutral with our neutral neutral .
they would negator neutral positive sf
intensifier neutral mahomes negative where our neutral neutral negator negative to neutral him neutral neutral .
lol and positive they would neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the they positive neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral positive their neutral . neutral neutral against the neutral neutral niners neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the nfc and neutral neutral . titans positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the niners positive niners neutral the neutral points neutral the neutral , with the neutral neutral yards . neutral neutral neutral ( ypg ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral of their playoff games with negative until the sb . you neutral underestimating the niners , and neutral overrating the titans . neutral of the postseason rankings neutral hpositive hpositive positive them neutral neutral negative playoff neutral , with positive neutral them neutral diminisher than hpositive to positive the sb , compared to the niners neutral neutral hpositive anyth neutral neutral , neutral the titans intensifier positive negator neutral to negative neutral intensifier neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral to the positive neutral .
if the packers neutral the giants neutral the nfccg , neutral you neutral we positive neutral neutral years neutral “ the giants would negator neutral positive the patriots ” ? negator positive negator
>they would negator neutral positive sf they neutral the neutral neutral when we played the patriots and positive the mvp lamar neutral neutral the postseason that neutral . neutral negative neutral .
lol . whether neutral positive the chiefs neutral titans , neutral neutral misses that neutral .
you neutral neutral san fran hasn't positive neutral to neutral neutral positive games neutral negative
that neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral they neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive defeated our neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral the stats you negative , neutral that neutral negator happened , and your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of “ what ifs , ” which positive neutral you neutral neutral ( neutral ) downvoted . the neutral positive , the titans neutral to the chiefs , intensifier the neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the titans neutral the sb that neutral . we negator hpositive the results of neutral positive that neutral negator neutral .
shoulda . woulda . coulda .
neutral what neutral missed hpositive that neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral positive neutral the titans neutral the pats . the positive intensifier hpositive that postseason .
hnegative neutral neutral misses that neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral to the titans positive neutral to tds lol . we positive hpositive than them neutral neutral neutral stat , neutral and neutral . negator neutral the chiefs neutral neutral neutral that neutral . titans diminisher neutral and neutral negator neutral positive their neutral neutral .
we neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive that neutral against tennessee lmao
the neutral neutral we intensifier " choked " neutral that intensifier neutral .
neutral positive negator positive they showed vrabels neutral neutral that neutral and neutral looked intensifier intensifier pissed lmao
lmao thi neutral positive neutral positive . the titans neutral neutral positive neutral playoff games . neutral neutral & honeybadger neutral teamed neutral neutral and neutral could negator neutral him . neutral neutral having to neutral him neutral neutral whether neutral positive the neutral neutral negator to neutral him positive and neutral tannehill to neutral
lmao stats positive the neutral neutral to negative hnegative of . and the stats neutral that the titans positive negator neutral neutral to that negative . titans neutral maaaaybe the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the afc neutral ? positive neutral the chiefs , bengals , and neutral . negator neutral to negative neutral sb , the neutral positive negator hpositive neutral .
and positive negator to neutral for neutral
titans positive that neutral neutral tannehill neutral neutral , they neutral neutral mariota neutral benched . you neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what the negative they neutral negative neutral .
negative neutral of neutral for having neutral .
what neutral negative neutral lol . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral missed… neutral neutral would've missed that against neutral neutral . wtf neutral you neutral lmao
neutral that negator the neutral neutral sb that the titans would've played you neutral ?
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral we neutral neutral lol
qb misses neutral neutral neutral , that positive negator intensifier hpositive . we neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral homerun neutral against the titans becaus neutral 's neutral positive , they neutral the intensifier titans . neutral positive how hpositive we positive neutral
hnegative neutral neutral thi hnegative that neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral .
to neutral positive dtr positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive negative than neutral , neutral hendon neutral positive the oldest neutral neutral neutral existed .
intensifier of them neutral with you neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator hpositive .
neutral neutral ucla neutral , neutral positive becaus neutral you neutral dtr , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral everyon , positive tds , signing autographs dure neutral celebrations , and everyth positive neutral . neutral , neutral , neutral you neutral deetr , and , neutral , we neutral negator negative neutral that . neutral has positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral , neutral .
neutral positive dtr , that would neutral neutral positive neutral .
dtr positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative to negative neutral neutral qb positive lamar neutral fields neutral kyler - neutral positive neutral huntley-esque
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative , and hpositive . intensifier neutral , neutral neutral beats neutral prospects neutral someth , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them neutral things that negative to nfl teams . hpositive neutral , neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral , that could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of offenses intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral wants to neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral richardson neutral neutral neutral becaus of their neutral and neutral neutral to dtr . neutral neutral , neutral neutral with you , neutral intensifier positive dtr .
cowboys could neutral neutral neutral . neutral would negator positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral projects neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to fields , neutral neutral the neutral would negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral terms of what they neutral neutral to neutral neutral the fields . we neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral pj neutral neutral siemian , neutral neutral positive positive we neutral neutral neutral neutral to justin 's skillset .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ucla games neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral anyth from him that looked nfl negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral hpositive dtr neutral positive gna neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral alot of negative shit that neutral you neutral your neutral . with the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral we intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral of acronyms of neutral the neutral prospects names ? positive neutral that intensifier hnegative to hpositive neutral the guys neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral with you , and neutral neutral hoping neutral positive neutral the seahawks neutral neutral neutral rounds . neutral improved neutral neutral , which positive negative hpositive neutral for how neutral qb positive neutral imo . positive you neutral neutral has neutral the tools , and from what neutral neutral heard everyon neutral spends neutral with him has negator neutral hpositive things to positive neutral the positive neutral .
neutral reminds neutral of tyrod positive , with neutral prescott neutral the neutral .
neutral of puts him neutral the “ neutral for negative of neutral neutral positive neutral ” positive . oof
we should neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral dtr positive neutral neutral legit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral has the positive positive to neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral him neutral the qb neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral with the others .
gives neutral neutral vibes hpositive positive neutral neutral weaknesses .
neutral neutral hnegative , negative hnegative , neutral the neutral . could negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral .
positive neutral intensifier neutral than negative ?
neutral the neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral to hnegative lamar neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive ?
neutral positive negative neutral negative for neutral
intensifier neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral self-appointed neutral , neutral hpositive from what hnegative neutral reports neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of things neutral positive neutral docked for : * neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive , with neutral neutral positive and intensifier hnegative positive * neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral , and neutral * neutral neutral negator positive defenses neutral that neutral , neutral hnegative neutral of defenders * neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral hnegative , which causes positive negative situations * concerns neutral neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher inches hpositive than bryce negative , neutral neutral pounds heavier which positive neutral to positive to neutral intensifier neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reports that neutral neutral positive and neutral intensifier neutral negator that hpositive , intensifier idk where you neutral neutral the positive neutral positive neutral the neutral
positive richardson and neutral fans , neutral neutral neutral neutral ucla fans neutral neutral that dtr positive hpositive negator hpositive .
brandon weeden neutral " intensifier , that neutral neutral ! " .
thi positive stetson bennett neutral
neutral positive neutral diminisher games with him , neutral of the positive backs neutral seemed positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . unless neutral figures that neutral , nfl negative neutral schemes neutral neutral to neutral neutral him neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive fan…this positive the positive neutral
google says > the neutral neutral neutral ( dtr ) positive the neutral of positive neutral that positive moved from neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral negative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral
neutral thompson-robinson
dason tierre-raul
positive to rimjob .
de'anthony torrence-rodriguez

neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier to hpositive to the neutral multistop
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
negator hnegative with neutral tyrod positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral of neutral if you hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral seems positive neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative hpositive the positive neutral for neutral negative of years , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral with neutral hpositive qb neutral .
idk what you neutral basing thi hnegative of . neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier asks the qb to hpositive neutral neutral reads . neutral positive concensus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral positive positive the positive neutral neutral neutral of the qbs that positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral of neutral with diminisher neutral positive . hpositive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral shows neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral : neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for the fastest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral :
bing says >define the neutral dtr positive negative neutral that stands for " hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral negative and texting to negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral wants positive answers from the the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dtr neutral neutral neutral to " neutral neutral negative , " which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral positive negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
looks neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
ik neutral neutral positive neutral discussions neutral neutral prospects , and positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral becaus of the hnegative neutral .
and you to hpositive neutral adding to the neutral !
for the neutral , hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral teams negative to neutral neutral qb with tyrod 's neutral , neutral . neutral means you neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years and positive you neutral positive for negative qb .
gardner minshew 's neutral neutral neutral neutral mph diminisher than justin neutral 's , neutral positive intensifier negator that neutral of neutral positive . minshew has neutral of the weakest neutral neutral the nfl and neutral has neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
pornhub says neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of neutral 's feet
neutral would negator positive hnegative - - - neutral thompson-robinson neutral intensifier neutral referred neutral dtr neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral iii neutral neutral neutral should neutral spelled the neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff qb neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive
positive neutral would negator teams neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative positive neutral hnegative for years… teams neutral to neutral intensifier to neutral into the qb neutral . negator neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral having neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral positive backups positive negator neutral hnegative neutral .
to neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral , negator negative the neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral , neutral “ what-if ” . would kc neutral neutral the patriots neutral the afccg positive neutral played ?
my neutral neutral neutral alway called demetrius " incompletrius neutral " , neutral positive neutral that neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral . the neutral could negator neutral neutral and could negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral . neutral neutral
demetrius would neutral negative hpositive hnegative positive hnegative neutral hands and positive hpositive neutral the dumbest thi should negator neutral neutral catches . neutral neutral positive neutral td ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ) neutral the chiefs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral oakland . mahomes neutral neutral neutral and neutral from where neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negative hnegative hnegative neutral to defenders .
intensifier neutral neutral , neutral could neutral positive hnegative balls neutral the endzone . ive neutral wondered if neutral issues positive that neutral neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of focusing neutral neutral neutral
dropmetrius neutral ?
neutral neutral gonna neutral the neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral with neutral and receiving tds neutral the neutral neutral ; when neutral and mahomes positive positive , they positive neutral neutral neutral games positive points than they positive games positive points .
the ol dwayn bowe neutral
yeaaaaah neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral sacks and positive neutral positive gonna positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive gonna positive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral 's intensifier neutral
neutral positive negative negative neutral dl .
negative neutral neutral neutral him lmao
neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive
with guaranteed . that positive my negative . neutral : intensifier neutral neutral neutral . with gtd . chri neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral we neutral someth neutral
neutral neutral hpositive hpositive for titans fans . that fanbase and neutral vrabel hpositive thi .
neutral 's neutral multiexclamation positive jeff positive neutral !
neutral neutral multistop tits neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral
lets gooooooooo
wanted thi neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral and we neutral hnegative neutral neutral my neutral neutral signing neutral the titans . neutral positive neutral negative
jefferi simmons > positive simmons
positive burns positive neutral
hpositive neutral , you negator neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral ! positive neutral for thi neutral for what feelings positive to years !
fuck
lol neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral
jrob positive neutral ! alleluia !
congrats titans . neutral positive legit , neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral smh
ah positive . the neutral neutral of hpositive .
>he 's gonna positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral makes intensifier positive than neutral neutral 's neutral calls
username describes my feelings .
neutral positive negative neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral positive hpositive than daron payne .
damm neutral negative lol
intensifier positive negative !
neutral neutral negative intensifier . intensifier neutral the guaranteed neutral .
neutral neutral preparing to neutral quinnen my neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral expecting neutral neutral neutral , intensifier thi positive neutral hpositive and forces neutral neutral positive the chiefs , jets , and giants to neutral to neutral the neutral for neutral , williams , and negative .
your positive positive positive neutral neutral hpositive players
neutral eagles neutral ?
nah
neutral neutral your tits positive .
hnegative neutral positive multistop intensifier hpositive neutral multiquestion
hpositive we neutral multistop
dex neutral neutral signs neutral neutral
idk how neutral neutral their hopes neutral for neutral rumors . neutral of neutral , neutral positive neutral they neutral negator neutral traded neutral neutral . neutral of neutral , neutral neutral hnegative teams neutral the neutral could neutral traded to .
robinson positive neutral issues neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hpositive players . neutral paid neutral , lewan , byard , tannehill , landry , autry , etc . aj neutral intensifier the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . simmons , negative , autry , and neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral years : superbowl champs : cin neutral negative seasons : cin neutral playoff wins : cin neutral positive pct : cin neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral ?
neutral neutral
ow , my negative .

shit neutral neutral negator positive payne positive diminisher gtd
positive neutral hated that positive for neutral they paid for the neutral neutral , payne hpositive positive hnegative neutral numbers neutral positive neutral the sacks + neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral if we neutral neutral neutral for aav neutral diminisher positive neutral positive neutral that neutral positive .
they fucked neutral neutral neutral neutral with aj , intensifier you negator hpositive
positive neutral negator neutral neutral
your gm positive gonna neutral jj hpositive positive you neutral to diggs neutral years to the titans for neutral neutral neutral neutral . im neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jeffrey simmons , neutral negative , and neutral wilkins neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral positive hnegative than neutral neutral of them . neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive von neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator diminisher the neutral neutral those neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral , thi means neutral neutral sets the neutral intensifier our dt positive gonna neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral with you neutral neutral neutral conklin neutral negative
aj neutral neutral from the neutral hpositive neutral dismissed neutral jrobb 's neutral .
y'all positive positive landry exists smh .
neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral would positive positive neutral , neutral negator neutral positive intimidating neutral of simmons . you positive lines positive chargers , cowboys , bills , steelers neutral neutral .
neutral negative to neutral with neutral colts neutral neutral that positive neutral diminisher negative positive , neutral neutral against the neutral neutral positive neutral you . neutral with neutral we neutral neutral gonna neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with qbs that neutral neutral neutral , our guys neutral neutral neutral neutral blocks negator neutral neutral with those neutral of the neutral playmakers positive teams with positive neutral players neutral .
neutral hpositive ! these dt contracts neutral neutral to neutral positive
neutral donald positive the idl neutral . neutral positive neutral aav .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative negative has positive intensifier negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral gamewrecker .
positive positive , neutral neutral that if neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral with simmons neutral would hpositive neutral to jrob intensifier neutral with aj and neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started . thi neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral .
philly neutral hoping for simmonds negative lol . hpositive signing , neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral ? neutral would we neutral the titans intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral negator qualms with them and vrabel positive negative hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral .
and positive they positive neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral with that neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral wilkins neutral hpositive . hpositive hnegative positive neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral plays neutral tennessee where taxes neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral diminisher negative positive adjusted neutral positive neutral nyc neutral neutral neutral would neutral .
giants positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral walked into neutral positive minefields .
neutral landry positive neutral lb positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral - quinnen williams , neutral negative and chri neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral and positive neutral hpositive arguments to neutral neutral per .
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral positive neutral titans fans , neutral titans fans neutral neutral complexes and eagles neutral neutral intensifier of trolls , intensifier when the ajb neutral happened , neutral has positive neutral intensifier of hnegative from those eagles fans that neutral neutral intensifier of titans fans the hnegative neutral .
intensifier of titans fans neutral the eagles and eagles' fans for everyon clowning neutral the titans neutral the ajb neutral . they negative the neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive neutral they positive neutral neutral cousins to neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive numbers neutral positive wilkins
neutral negative positive neutral of the positive dl neutral the neutral . neutral has negator to neutral with how neutral wins the neutral positive . neutral played intensifier neutral and positive neutral to neutral paid positive neutral .
if you neutral including neutral , you gotta neutral landry lmao .
they positive neutral neutral neutral simmons ballpark . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral idl neutral neutral .
anyon neutral blames the eagles for neutral that neutral positive neutral intensifier negative . they neutral negator negative aj .
looks to neutral positive hnegative gets to the qb neutral intensifier intensifier .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier *blame* neutral neutral neutral hnegative them becaus of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive hnegative neutral positive positive ?
neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral . followed neutral with thi :
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
him neutral positive hnegative .
hpositive negator neutral
cardinals ? neutral .
neutral hpositive . hpositive neutral positive intensifier guaranteed becaus neutral positive earned neutral
what neutral intensifier neutral neutral !
lol , neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral positive neutral neutral . whoever gets him should hpositive the neutral
cards for neutral multistop
thi diminisher sounds positive neutral positive neutral ?
hpositive neutral lions
titans neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral wanted .
neutral neutral
buddys neutral for neutral fools
they positive neutral neutral the neutral , negator gonna neutral .
if neutral positive staying neutral positive neutral positive for neutral ? -
lol hnegative hpositive for titans fans
intensifier neutral neutral the $$$ for . neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral that intensifier neutral neutral to neutral the hype and hpositive neutral onto the neutral neutral neutral that negative neutral neutral negative positive dlineman when neutral should neutral positive neutral recovering .
if neutral positive traded neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , that would neutral the neutral neutral to hpositive positive .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to the titans neutral looks positive . signed to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
followed neutral with negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral to neutral with neutral titans neutral neutral . sounds intensifier positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral into the neutral and neutral everyon positive .
neutral positive negator
neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral from neutral
neutral and jeffrey simmons would neutral negative with neutral
lol neutral neutral hnegative neutral would .
neutral diminisher positive would negator neutral jeff + comp for neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative . tampa neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral cities with neutral for neutral . positive neutral positive having everyon of their teams hpositive neutral neutral for the jets
dammit sharks neutral your shit positive
hpositive the neutral neutral motown !
supersonics neutral the neutral neutral .
lmao thi positive negator neutral positive hpositive - giants , rangers , yankees ( mets negative ) - bucs , neutral , rays
that positive noting ! oakland positive negative neutral the neutral to hnegative neutral neutral franchises !
giants , yankees ( mets ) , rangers ?
neutral neutral the sonics hpositive neutral .
neutral kings neutral
seattle 's neutral neutral thi would neutral intensifier positive : neutral has neutral teams neutral neutral neutral , intensifier multistop intensifier chances to positive .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi multistop
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the giants , warriors , and sharks neutral hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive cities neutral they neutral neutral intertwined positive .
what neutral positive neutral ? giants neutral the giants neutral the playoffs
neutral , neutral negator the yankees , mets , rangers , giants and knicks hpositive the playoffs ?
intensifier sounders neutral the playoffs neutral and neutral positive thi neutral .
to neutral neutral neutral has to neutral teams to neutral teams and to neutral teams .
negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
fuck hnegative lefko mf seahawks neutral negator hpositive shit
what neutral their nba neutral ? they neutral neutral the playoffs , neutral ?
til neutral positive neutral seattle kraken
neutral neutral neutral to when the bears neutral the nfccg , the bulls neutral the ecf , the blackhawks neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral sox neutral the playoffs if neutral neutral positive ?
how neutral their nba neutral ?
what neutral nba seattle
that positive positive becaus the kraken neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years neutral ?
tampa positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral and nba neutral neutral if you negative to neutral them neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral co-owners with neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
the neutral neutral negator neutral tampa and nyc becaus they neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral the neutral negative . sofi positive negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator negative to him neutral negative .
neutral thi positive hpositive hpositive hnegative lmfao
hpositive neutral them neutral their shit positive neutral could neutral hnegative
the karlsson neutral has positive positive to neutral , neutral . neutral neutral hoping neutral gets the norris neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative for neutral to neutral neutral what karlsson has neutral thi neutral ( albeit neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral )
they negative bedard .
neutral neutral they neutral bedard .
san jose and positive clara neutral negator neutral san francisco intensifier they hpositive would negator neutral neutral thi neutral
dc neutral has entered the negative
*seattle fans neutral neutral okc*
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive the playoffs .
giants neutral negator neutral positive neutral lol
giants neutral neutral neutral neutral and the rays neutral neutral st . petersburg . intensifier neutral positive neutral positive that neutral positive the neutral neutral that has those neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral negator the jets .
and knicks !
islanders ?
neutral that neutral seattle neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative positive to myself " neutral , neutral what neutral the nba multistop neutral multistop neutral neutral , negative neutral "
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral chances to hnegative * ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) * intensifier negator neutral neutral to your neutral neutral seems neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral this….seattle , neutral that positive .
we neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral when the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral to neutral for anyth . the nats neutral diminisher unwatch
giants neutral from positive neutral
negative
thi positive their neutral neutral . neutral the nhl has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . seattle and vegas neutral neutral hpositive teams positive .
the champa neutral neutral . what neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral would neutral them the neutral when neutral has neutral neutral nfl and nhl neutral ? negative tbh
hardcore neutral neutral hnegative for hnegative . hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral qualifications to neutral the neutral neutral teams that neutral thi neutral to positive the neutral neutral positive eliminates neutral of the neutral neutral areas negative lol . for what positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier than the neutral neutral c'mon . negator neutral neutral tampa neutral neutral thi negative , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral with neutral championships and neutral neutral championships neutral that neutral .
um rams neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
those points intensifier fucked neutral . neutral neutral hoping neutral our neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral avenged neutral the neutral
karlsson positive neutral neutral traded neutral the offseason .
greetings , neutral .
chargers neutral neutral inglewood , negator neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive
neutral neutral positive neutral the nyc metro neutral . they neutral called the tampa neutral rays , negator the tampa rays . neutral teams neutral neutral neutral regions / metros , negator hpositive the neutral .
and nets and devils intensifier everyon neutral the jets
negator positive !
neutral neutral to neutral neutral the sonics playoff hopes multistop reddit has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hnegative
neutral the nats neutral to the neutral neutral , , the caps positive negator neutral neutral neutral to the playoffs for neutral neutral neutral negative years , the wizards neutral hnegative asf neutral they hnegative neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral the defenders neutral hpositive .
and the rams neutral from inglewood , commanders neutral from neutral , cowboys neutral from arlington , bills neutral from neutral neutral , etc . neutral gives neutral shit if the giants neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the nyc metro
neutral years of bolts neutral has positive negative , neutral . negative neutral of negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh
inglewood positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? seems intensifier neutral neutral .
yuup . neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive thi , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral . how neutral neutral neutral positive to snf neutral positive neutral bastards
seattle neutral neutral thi shit neutral the neutral . “ neutral seattle has xyz , we neutral the positive ” - and neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative for neutral neutral that prides itself neutral neutral neutral hnegative . - neutral : from seattle
neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral that their neutral *isn't* neutral neutral .
having wins and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the ot losses positive neutral of infuriating
neutral him to edmonton
inglewood positive neutral of los angeles .
neutral seattle positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral teams . intensifier neutral neutral positive .
devils neutral negator neutral , they neutral neutral nj .
hnegative
diminisher neutral neutral rooting for ovie to neutral the neutral and the nats to neutral neutral
neutral positive fuck neutral hpositive seattle has neutral it‍️
idk neutral the hnegative ones neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
nope . neutral
thi would neutral positive neutral to the neutral of inglewood . neutral hnegative negative to neutral the inglewood neutral and neutral neutral .
sofi positive neutral inglewood
the rams and chargers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
which positive hnegative .
negator for thi stat neutral neutral devils fans neutral neutral fans of the yankees mets giants and jets intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral everyon positive neutral our intertwined rooting interests
neutral , neutral neutral neutral rooting for the orioles .
neutral positive neutral to nyc than the neutral positive to san francisco
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral than neutral neutral positive to neutral
nj positive negative nyc neutral .
they neutral intensifier hpositive they neutral neutral of los angeles neutral .
intensifier they would negator neutral neutral neutral . negator that negative , guys .
>seattle and neutral neutral the neutral **cities** to …
that could neutral neutral ewok
positive if bengals could neutral zeke intensifier negative and neutral neutral negative rb neutral the neutral that could neutral neutral intensifier neutral for them . bringing neutral zeke for neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral . neutral hpositive bengals neutral positive neutral moves to hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative they neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive the bengals neutral .
over/under zeke neutral neutral neutral jokes . ( neutral : lines changing to
zeke averaged ypc neutral neutral and mixon neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative
that multistop positive negator the bengals neutral
would hpositive if they signed him . neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral callaway , the neutral neutral neutral , positive the hpositive neutral and neutral of exos neutral neutral frisco , neutral . frisco positive the neutral that the cowboys positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative zeke and neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral means anyth neutral neutral tbh
neutral hpositive of neutral joe
zeke and neutral williams would neutral neutral hpositive combo
zeke positive neutral neutral neutral westbrook neutral . when neutral positive paid positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative for the neutral becaus of how neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative the neutral negator producing . when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral cheaper positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral than of players positive for that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral kc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive we positive neutral perin . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher shorty neutral conversions and neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral of the negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral the bengals neutral neutral neutral that hnegative ?
neutral would intensifier neutral positive thi if the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral for perin , neutral mixon , neutral neutral rb neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral y'all needed neutral positive neutral .
cinci neutral they needed neutral intensifier positive mixon
neutral positive gonna neutral the negative paid neutral neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral
that neutral the positive neutral positive griddy neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
zeke deserves neutral neutral . neutral him
positive neutral neutral for cincy
makes positive . zeke positive positive neutral neutral .
the neutral hnegative for zeke neutral neutral
intensifier negative
bengals fans neutral you negative for neutral neutral and hnegative attempts neutral neutral tackles
neutral negative neutral signs neutral . neutral positive neutral the mixon neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral .
intensifier neutral elliot positive neutral neutral !
neutral would hpositive thi for zeke bro . joe would hpositive him . qbs positive positive neutral neutral
of neutral neutral moves neutral to neutral
neutral if neutral speaks yub neutral
neutral hpositive we joking neutral intensifier zeke positive intensifier negative with that combo of neutral neutral and beard…just negative neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral negative to upvote you intensifier intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral your upvote
that intensifier makes neutral intensifier of positive , neutral negative for neutral .
hpositive negator neutral oline skills
that positive hpositive samaje perin 's neutral from neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive neutral negative with hpositive neutral neutral . if they neutral themselv neutral of these negative neutral rb 's neutral the neutral , neutral neutral , you positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral ? aggregating negative positive positive neutral neutral negative than neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral pre neutral neutral
thi positive samarje perin neutral
if neutral signs - zeke positive neutral the hnegative of mixon owners neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative
neutral , unless the bengals neutral partnered with exos neutral someth positive neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral frisco , tx .
you neutral neutral , looks positive they neutral neutral
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to your neutral intensifier neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral the neutral minutes ? neutral neutral
zeke averaged ypc neutral steele neutral positive and neutral workload neutral : neutral neutral and neutral draws . negator neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral with that workload , neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral neutral the neutral ! zeke positive positive neutral hpositive neutral with cin , and you guys would neutral hpositive to neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral anymore .
mixon positive neutral negator negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral
anyon signing zeke neutral thi neutral positive begrudgingli accepting that neutral neutral neutral hpositive makes him intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative , with the neutral of what neutral brings neutral neutral negative . idk how neutral you neutral followed the nfl , neutral the bengals would intensifier positive hpositive neutral negative from intensifier neutral neutral neutral and zeke neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral than mixon has neutral positive .
zeke would neutral replacing perin , negator mixon . neutral zeke positive negator the negative neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that makes him neutral neutral neutral positive / neutral positive neutral . that neutral perin 's neutral . mixon 's neutral positive neutral the neutral
zeke neutral playing neutral neutral intensifier hnegative negative hnegative neutral suffered against the lions . the neutral to seasons neutral has positive started hnegative intensifier neutral , neutral has hpositive toughed neutral neutral neutral neutral injuries that required him to negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral , and has the positive to neutral hnegative of hnegative
neutral neutral where zeke provides and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
the positive with zeke positive our coaches neutral negator grasped neutral to the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the legs to neutral username carries neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier . you neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral and the neutral diminisher games from neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral / / neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral dinged neutral neutral plays neutral neutral . if you guys neutral him and neutral him neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral and neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative workhorse neutral . neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral they neutral mixon , zeke positive neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral negative
neutral neutral joe ? neutral neutral neutral joe ?
neutral positive neutral evans neutral williams when neutral positive hpositive
zeke positive tds neutral neutral , and neutral intensifier of that neutral from short-yardage . neutral neutral neutral neutral him . positive , neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral carries to neutral . negator to neutral kellen neutral neutral zeke from neutral neutral neutral rb neutral the nfl and positive him to diminisher neutral negative with diminisher neutral . zeke positive what neutral neutral inspite of km , negator becaus of him . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral carries , neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral rb neutral the neutral neutral neutral . that positive with neutral ypc . zeke positive , and neutral has positive , neutral neutral negative . neutral him neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive things neutral for you . neutral negator hpositive neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral neutral neutral fanbase neutral negative from neutral osu neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the browns / osu fanbase neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gonna intensifier hpositive if they neutral zeke .
runningbacks neutral hpositive to neutral neutral their neutral neutral years . neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral ? neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the cowboys
could negator neutral of negative neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral him neutral to neutral
neutral neutral negative to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the rb neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative rb
neutral neutral positive you neutral
neutral , neutral neutral hnegative negator buying neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral .
negator to neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral !
we neutral hpositive you neutral neutral the hnegative neutral !
zeke neutral neutral has negator allowed neutral neutral neutral has neutral ?
negative
neutral , neutral you gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive steamrolled ?
/r/angryupvote
your neutral neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral
thi positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral . if bengals neutral mixon , the neutral owners that neutral to positive neutral him would neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral picks him neutral .
com'on neutral , that positive neutral leroy neutral neutral
*post neutral zeke* r/nfl : neutral played neutral hehe neutral played neutral neutral neutral played neutral played neutral hehehe
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral columbus neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive thi and neutral positive neutral neutral . if neutral neutral mixon for diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , anyth intensifier would neutral neutral . neutral mixon , neutral zeke , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negative . that would hpositive neutral
yup . neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral diminisher weeks of zeke 's neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier dropped neutral steele neutral positive . neutral neutral 's numbers neutral neutral negative the neutral diminisher weeks
neutral negator neutral intensifier with thi neutral , upvoted neutral positive to neutral negative . zeke positive negator what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral overpaid , neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral the neutral to neutral neutral negative nfl neutral . neutral ypc has positive positive diminisher positive to how neutral neutral neutral and playing with neutral injuries the neutral diminisher years . positive neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral , neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral . hpositive dallas neutral him neutral neutral neutral hpositive , would negator neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dallas neutral positive neutral neutral . that positive intensifier hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive zeke neutral neutral paid and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral tackles neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral positive neutral could neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral and and how hpositive zeke neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral zeke when neutral puts neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral everyon “ positive ” sees neutral neutral and likes him .
zeke positive intensifier underrated neutral reddit . neutral positive negative how neutral neutral neutral neutral stats for neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral and neutral that paints the neutral neutral .
you neutral hpositive neutral meme responses neutral zeke positive neutral neutral neutral negative
zeke has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral zeke 's neutral neutral positive neutral
thi neutral neutral positive neutral how mixon has neutral negative neutral and zeke neutral negator , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral replied has neutral neutral neutral neutral
mcdc warned everyon they positive neutral neutral kneecaps . zeke neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral intensifier hpositive mccarthy positive hpositive neutral him positive . neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral that pcl neutral to years neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral
thi positive the neutral .
>our coaches neutral negator grasped neutral to the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the legs to neutral username carries neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral anymore .
neutral neutral questioned neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they neutral him neutral for that neutral neutral positive
tbf neutral we positive hpositive where neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral downvoted , you neutral positive . neutral positive you neutral : osu neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier osu/browns fans than osu/cinci fans . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
yall ain't neutral the neutral with joe and that neutral of wrs . neutral anybodi neutral neutral neutral cares lol .
hnegative him our fans neutral and neutral neutral neutral vendettasa against players . zeke positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral situations and neutral negative , neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral bitter/scorned fans positive neutral you
neutral my neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral folatpghbawb stat . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive you
you neutral neutral downvoted neutral you neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative negative would negator neutral lol
they neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral spots ( fl , az , tx ) neutral they neutral hnegative locations neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral locations neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral with zeke neutral neutral
zeke negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore , neutral neutral neutral has neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral solves neutral positive hnegative for you guys . zeke positive neutral neutral hpositive negative , neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral someth neutral of neutral neutral the wrs positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral hpositive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore if that makes positive . perin positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral quicker neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to positive with zeke hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive mixon for diminisher .
neutral goin neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral the rb neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral averaged per neutral neutral steele neutral positive . zeke positive negator negative . neutral positive negator zeke neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral to hpositive to negative nfl neutral .
neutral neutral anytime we positive that neutral rb has neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of the neutral . and negator neutral “ hnegative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier seasons ” neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral , intensifier negative neutral of neutral . cin should neutral him neutral neutral guaranteed , neutral anyth neutral positive negative .
neutral negator positive , neutral neutral has neutral neutral . neutral when neutral neutral to neutral negative children .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral .
negative negative neutral positive !
rb / neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral , hpositive seemed positive the neutral of your neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral the neutral .
positive neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for zeke to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral that you neutral negator neutral him to neutral your neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral for that
what neutral you neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral ?
and negator positive zeke . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral these neutral diminisher years . negator neutral neutral lol .
the neutral .
neutral positive neutral the positive neutral rb neutral the neutral would hpositive that
we neutral to neutral the neutral neutral , negative neutral positive to positive shells for the neutral neutral .
>yall ain't neutral the neutral with joe and that neutral of wrs . bengals positive neutral the neutral & neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral when they neutral .
hnegative , negative neutral zeke neutral our neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sounds positive
they neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive with ja'marr from what neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral
emmitt neutral neutral of the diminisher ( neutral ) backs that positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral seemed to neutral hpositive for to yards and to tubs .
>except when neutral neutral to neutral negative children . that positive jerruh 's greatest neutral . hpositive the neutral momma neutral neutral , neutral her neutral of neutral neutral , and hpositive neutral them to negator positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi subreddit has negative called him negative and negative and neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral neutral and that positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
thi positive positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's drafts
twa neutral neutral neutral for the punchline
neutral neutral would negator neutral hnegative than what'd we positive . we positive using our neutral becaus mixon negator neutral neutral
hpositive if we neutral neutral him to neutral negative neutral negative workload dure the neutral hnegative neutral him hnegative
if the bengals neutral him neutral the samaje perin neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral runs , neutral neutral neutral positive projected
neutral rb neutral , neutral negative . neutral neutral from what neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , if youre anyth positive neutral , the neutral helps with the ptsd .
positive .
neutral neutral
marcus neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive seasons neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral , positive . neutral they neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral should neutral neutral hnegative neutral the xfl .
lol hnegative hpositive your neutral 's negative neutral
neutral would neutral positive the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral qb neutral neutral negative positive
hiring lombardi hnegative neutral negator hpositive .
chargers neutral the cowboys of the afc . negative negative
lives neutral neutral negative
the negative negative neutral positive the neutral neutral to positive neutral positive hnegative .
neutral that positive neutral staley ain't neutral .
positive , thi positive *definitely* negator the fifteen-thousandth neutral neutral 's neutral thi
neutral neutral , neutral neutral the oc they negative him . neutral neuters neutral qb neutral touches .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
the chargers neutral the nfl neutral of that neutral neutral / tv neutral positive of when you neutral neutral neutral , negative appears and positive you hnegative that neutral and negative neutral appears and intensifier neutral .
negative intensifier neutral positive hnegative
chargers positive the neutral negative neutral imo . intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral jags . my positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral staley positive neutral hnegative and neutral thinks neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how you neutral that neutral issues with that neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative to neutral positive .
neutral how neutral hpositive has neutral neutral points neutral neutral playoff neutral ? hpositive .
positive telesco should neutral neutral the neutral neutral imo
what positive the neutral of thi neutral
positive tua 's neutral positive neutral the chargers intensifier positive intensifier wins *and intensifier losses* neutral of neutral . joe neutral positive with neutral neutral to the superbowl . neutral neutral has intensifier wins *and losses . * jalen hurts positive with neutral superbowl neutral neutral neutral . justin neutral positive the winningest *and losingest* qb of neutral neutral neutral .
derek carr
neutral neutral neutral neutral that thi positive negator the hnegative of neutral neutral .
teams that neutral with negative qb deals pre neutral negative sinc patriots , steelers , giants , neutral , packers , sinc negative neutral negative chiefs , seahawks , eagles . hpositive of that what you positive .
years neutral and eli neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
chargers and hpositive positive qb neutral .
should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral coordinator . brandon whateverhisnameis hasn't neutral anyth to positive neutral 's neutral .
and they neutral hpositive pissing hnegative the diminisher hpositive players neutral him .
hnegative my herbi deserves hpositive negative
negator of thi matters . - positive neutral qb neutral the nfl , neutral my hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral positive wrs & neutral diminisher hpositive rb than neutral ekeler .
that positive diminisher neutral neutral .
justin neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral . idk neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral him .
we hpositive
neutral those years they neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral mahomes intensifier hpositive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral , positive ya ? we neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral for neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral our diminisher neutral
thi neutral “ you neutral to positive with neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral ” neutral positive intensifier negative . the negative neutral of intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral teams with qbs negator neutral negative deals . if you neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral , neutral means your neutral neutral sucks and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral diminisher years to neutral neutral them .
neutral negator they hpositive their neutral positive neutral neutral someth neutral the neutral ? if they neutral positive to neutral hpositive that would hpositive neutral positive hnegative for them
sinc the positive ends neutral thi neutral , neutral they neutral to neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral and positive they neutral positive him intensifier they neutral negator neutral to neutral the positive bucks neutral neutral positive ? sounds positive neutral neutral neutral .
the chargers neutral negative neutral of the neutral frustrating teams , neutral intensifier neutral the hpositive neutral neutral positive them neutral . sinc the rivers they could hang neutral with positive negative teams and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral seems to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral phillip hpositive “ aww neutral ” and “ ga'll neutral ” neutral receivers neutral flopping neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral shit neutral the chargers neutral . hnegative the dumpster hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the hnegative neutral for hnegative
becaus their neutral thinks neutral positive smarter than neutral .
neutral intensifier of similarities to stafford , hnegative than the negative negative deal…
the chargers intensifier neutral gonna positive thi neutral negative qb , arent they ?
staley should neutral positive neutral when neutral williams positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
the neutral overrated neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral stats for those years . negator qb gets diminisher hpositive from the neutral / / has diminisher neutral for hnegative than neutral . hnegative qbs neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive of their games , neutral for neutral neutral drops to someth hnegative positive
neutral positive the negative of marti schottenheimer .
wins neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb , neutral you neutral neutral to positive neutral ?
positive , having neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral helps with neutral neutral , neutral neutral shows neutral positive positive negator intensifier hpositive . these neutral the teams sinc that neutral neutral neutral superbowl with their qb neutral neutral negative positive . •tom brady with the patriots neutral the neutral ( neutral 's positive intensifier brady multistop ) •ben roethlisberger with the steelers neutral with their negative qb the neutral neutral ) •eli neutral for the giants neutral neutral ) •wilson neutral neutral ) •wentz neutral negator the neutral neutral the playoffs / sb ) •mahomes neutral neutral the neutral neutral with alex neutral , neutral signed neutral positive positive months neutral the sb )
we neutral squandered hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative to qbs that positive neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the jags neutral neutral to neutral trevor neutral neutral neutral neutral interceptions neutral neutral negative positive .
these negative owners neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
thi positive intensifier neutral brees
fellas neutral negative to positive thi neutral negative positive hnegative
neutral seems positive the neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , negator shit neutral .
having neutral negative positive qb positive negative neutral negative hpositive neutral the chiefs should neutral neutral
they neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
chargers neutral strays neutral negative .
what playing for the chargers positive positive neutral neutral neutral :
hnegative neutral neutral
neutral with the negative neutral shit neutral intensifier negator neutral positive neutral
and positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral with qbs negator neutral their negative positive . thi neutral positive negative
we positive neutral you hpositive for neutral
neutral neutral neutral liked the chargers . neutral positive for the neutral neutral . having intensifier neutral intensifier neutral players and neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . hnegative . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral and neutral gets them neutral . neutral , the neutral neutral jerseys neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral .
the chargers positive neutral gates , lt , and rivers . hpositive neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral negative . thi positive neutral neutral for them . neutral positive positive hnegative for them if negator for spanos neutral negative negative neutral neutral of shit .
neutral positive diminisher positive you neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive games and having neutral neutral qb positive negator neutral
neutral intensifier neutral the standards neutral neutral neutral neutral kyler , neutral neutral hasn't neutral shit and should negator neutral neutral paid neutral positive guaranteed neutral multiquestion
if neutral positive hnegative neutral would hpositive neutral to negative with the chargers . they positive intensifier neutral hnegative hpositive careers becaus they neutral intensifier hnegative neutral negative neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral their neutral neutral the neutral neutral anymore !
neutral positive negative how we neutral to positive " neutral them neutral neutral negative years to neutral " to " intensifier they neutral negator positive neutral sb neutral neutral neutral years neutral the neutral multistop they neutral positive "
neutral they neutral gunna neutral hnegative ekeler
positive for neutral of the snarky comments guys , intensifier hpositive neutral . hnegative we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral subreddit . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that the chargers neutral negator neutral anyth with neutral , neutral dure the neutral of neutral neutral where neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral . these neutral the neutral neutral of things neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , which positive neutral what neutral positive neutral to neutral him . neutral the chargers negative to neutral to years of thi , neutral neutral they neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral their neutral ( negator hpositive neutral , neutral everyth ) ? neutral neutral negator neutral negative to positive hnegative negative their negator of positive .
chargers gunna positive
neutral : neutral positive lynn neutral neutral hc and everyon positive the chargers drafted negative neutral positive , neutral for him to neutral arguably the greatest negative qb neutral neutral . negator neutral him . neutral : neutral the chargers to neutral neutral neutral and neutral progressed . we neutral what neutral could neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral and functioning neutral negative . hnegative , the chargers neutral and sts positive neutral shit which neutral to negative intensifier neutral playoffs neutral . neutral : neutral neutral neutral dogshit . sts neutral positive hpositive . neutral of injuries to the neutral ( keenan , neutral , neutral , pipkins and linsley positive on-and-off injuries ) . neutral neutral positive fractured neutral negative and neutral torn-labrum neutral neutral neutral neutral . lombardi neutral neutral lombardi and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral injuries . neutral dumbass hc played neutral williams neutral neutral negative neutral where the neutral neutral positive gift-wrapped to them . sounds positive negative hnegative neutral for neutral to hpositive neutral neutral playoff neutral with neutral that shit .
positive neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral brandon staley neutral neutral playoff hpositive against the raiders neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral against the jags . neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral the nfl .
negator positive to neutral the chargers hnegative negative qb
neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral everybodi seems to neutral positive
bawhgawd positive that tannehill 's neutral ? !
neutral and the chargers neutral talked neutral neutral thi subreddit positive intensifier neutral contenders , and neutral has the neutral playoff* neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive positive telesco shit . chargers positive rivers negative .
positive neutral champs neutral !
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for that neutral / neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive guaranteed . neutral positive neutral hpositive and hnegative that they neutral / positive him to neutral intensifier hnegative . they neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral hpositive . the neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral should neutral the neutral to neutral that neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral .
positive everyon neutral mentioning neutral neutral amongst the greats .
neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral positive everyon 's hnegative neutral for neutral neutral chargerland .
negative hnegative
we hpositive to neutral neutral neutral fucked chargers and chargers fans
neutral positive neutral of negative . their positive hnegative has neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral hpositive planned for when you hpositive neutral your positive guys neutral gonna neutral games neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral , thi positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral they neutral to neutral neutral from neutral and williams and neutral what they neutral for them neutral . hpositive positive the positive hpositive , and their starters neutral neutral hpositive negator positive .
ayyy neutral neutral trips to playoffs neutral neutral
*jerry seinfeld voice* : “ that 's neutral hnegative . ”
if neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral the chargers . neutral positive hpositive to neutral him neutral for mcvay neutral the rams neutral neutral with stafford .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral negative with neutral negative neutral qb . that neutral neutral , the chargers neutral failed to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative . neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral them to the intensifier neutral neutral they intensifier neutral to hnegative diminisher neutral holes neutral that neutral neutral .
they should neutral the neutral for neutral injuries dure that neutral neutral . that neutral positive negative diminisher
the vikings positive neutral you neutral of the negative you neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral neutral .
having neutral hpositive qb neutral their negative positive positive positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive has positive neutral hnegative neutral . **only hpositive neutral the neutral years has the intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb neutral their negative contract** - neutral : missed neutral
neutral neutral appearances if staley negator neutral that timeout neutral the raiders neutral
neutral these years neutral , thi neutral of neutral and neutral continues to hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral of hpositive and neutral neutral and neutral to positive neutral the nfl . and neutral archi neutral neutral positive what the fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
we positive neutral him
kellen neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of justin neutral 's neutral and the los angeles chargers neutral .
neutral gonna positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my words .
neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral they neutral hyped neutral hpositive to shit the neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral . hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral becaus when you neutral neutral negative qb hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive teams . that neutral neutral the bengals positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral and to afc championships . the chargers neutral hpositive these negative neutral neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive lamar negative years , which positive neutral becaus they neutral negator positive flaccos . and lamar positive neutral hpositive qb than flacco neutral
negative how neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral mahomes . that positive the neutral neutral ? negator wants to neutral to the afc neutral becaus you neutral to neutral neutral and mahomes neutral neutral neutral
that positive becaus chargers positive / neutral positive hnegative . they neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral their starters neutral negative games . neutral neutral neutral expectations justin gets neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive gates , rivers , tomlinson , ekeler , weddle , etc . etc intensifier neutral and intensifier neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral the hpositive that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral from the neutral of neutral know-nothing neutral , neutral likes neutral .
the negative injuries to neutral neutral wrs neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral mahomes .
the positive neutral positive neutral to neutral when they neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral and wins neutral negative lombardis .
neutral neutral to neutral hnegative that positive positive neutral him to positive . neutral has the neutral to neutral arguably neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
eli neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral to neutral for the chargers .
neutral positive hpositive neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the issues
neutral ain't neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral if ekeler positive called neutral neutral neutral negative ryan neutral they neutral to neutral ?
overrated neutral qb
intensifier we should neutral neutral to the panthers , positive neutral .
trips to the playoffs multistop
hnegative neutral your neutral qb neutral the neutral
neutral neutral positive negator hpositive ?
if they negator positive neutral the playoffs with their qb neutral neutral neutral , what makes anyon neutral positive they neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator negative positive qb that neutral neutral the neutral neutral the playoffs and negator positive neutral .
anyth positive hpositive than neutral rivers negative neutral .
overrated
neutral cousins > justin neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral multistop they should neutral him
for neutral , we neutral the ones neutral neutral neutral negative neutral qb to intensifier neutral neutral sb positive .
neutral neutral when everyon neutral positive negative neutral and neutral negative neutral , how the neutral has neutral changed
neutral neutral how neutral would negative positive neutral neutral and overhype neutral how the neutral neutral neutral
ruiz neutral thinks neutral positive neutral hpositive qb than neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative to hpositive him neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral of how overvalued neutral positive positive neutral nfl qb 's . neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral overrated neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive overrated neutral the nfl neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the chargers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the steelers sooo… multistop
positive the neutral overrated qb neutral the neutral neutral , if negator neutral .
neutral positive hnegative how neutral of negative hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral . seahawks with neutral , chiefs with mahomes ( although neutral negator negative neutral sinc they neutral . ) neutral negative neutral they gotta neutral hpositive , seems thi positive their neutral , with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive neutral , ekeler positive negative negative neutral thi offseason .
neutral they should neutral neutral him neutral when neutral negative neutral positive neutral .
hpositive negative to hpositive . how neutral teams neutral superbowl neutral neutral neutral neutral superbowl with neutral negative neutral qb
neutral “ positive neutral ” brickner neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
fuck positive neutral
negator neutral neutral chargers neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral intensifier negative the neutral years
teams neutral to neutral neutral from neutral coaches neutral .
lol
hey neutral you guys neutral the jags positive negative positive neutral the playoffs thi neutral ? that neutral negative
neutral positive negative how hnegative the chargers neutral positive with neutral . neutral neutral chiefs neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative playing against neutral .
that intensifier puts things into neutral
negator hnegative
what neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative , we positive neutral him !
staley positive the hnegative
neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral neutral hpositive tweeting positive searchabl facts .
neutral neutral positive hpositive him neutral the pats
you neutral neutral ivey intensifier neutral neutral to neutral diff neutral positive when neutral positive competing . hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
chargers gonna positive . neutral when they positive the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral and missed the playoffs ?
they positive neutral neutral injuries . negative .
neutral cares , they neutral their neutral qb . someth that neutral teams neutral neutral neutral for .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral him to neutral neutral carroll .
neutral positive negator positive the chargers neutral intensifier neutral until they neutral neutral to san diego . positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral whenev the steelers neutral neutral
neutral neutral . neutral has negative of neutral weapons , they neutral negative neutral splashes neutral neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral neutral for the chargers to positive anyth hpositive , neutral when they neutral neutral teams and coaches
negative , hpositive neutral they neutral hpositive negative him and neutral him for negative years
their neutral positive hnegative and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral delegates hnegative toward everybodi neutral himself .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher overrated .
hpositive fuck neutral spanos
neutral positive the chargers they could neutral rodgers playing hnegative to mahomes jamar neutral , justin jefferson , neutral chubb , cmc , neutral kelces and neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral the leauge and neutral managed to hnegative neutral the neutral negative neutral . neutral positive negator that they neutral negator neutral the positive they neutral hpositive neutral .
derek carr with the hpositive neutral
neutral the neutral imo
brandon staley should neutral positive laughed neutral of the neutral .
chargers neutral the neutral overrated , over-hyped neutral . neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral thi positive and struggled to neutral wins
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from him neutral neutral neutral positive positive sapp for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
everyon knows neutral qbs neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral their neutral years neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral hype . positive neutral has neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral seems to neutral overlooked . neutral neutral gets neutral neutral for the turnovers and negative . hnegative qb 's neutral positive hpositive positive with neutral diminisher hpositive rosters . neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive convo and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive . . . the chargers neutral neutral to neutral hpositive thi neutral . neutral positive positive mahomes neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral chargers neutral .
what positive the hnegative that could neutral ? neutral you neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral them to neutral positive neutral .
hnegative hpositive neutral rd negative neutral
hpositive than neutral him neutral and hpositive years , neutral .
from neutral positive neutral neutral qbs neutral the afc neutral negative deals . neutral 's positive to neutral positive neutral positive . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive those superstar moments of mahomes , lamar , neutral , neutral neutral . neutral , the neutral positive the neutral neutral of those neutral negator neutral neutral afccg neutral
neutral neutral flacco neutral neutral neutral neutral years . would negator you neutral ?
lol hnegative negative thi neutral neutral negative deals . how neutral teams neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral with neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral ( and positive neutral neutral which gets neutral neutral intensifier negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral ) hpositive to intensifier playoff trips . chargers neutral neutral and the neutral negative negative
neutral neutral our neutral hnegative , if lamar positive hpositive the neutral neutral years we neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier playoff wins
neutral neutral neutral neutral burrows playoff stats . they neutral negative . intensifier the bengals neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
negator neutral lol
bears neutral hpositive fields negative neutral , , they neutral negator neutral positive neutral their positive neutral thi off-season
neutral positive lamar neutral neutral , neutral hpositive blew the titans neutral neutral : guys , lamar neutral neutral points and positive turnovers and neutral neutral neutral of
lamar neutral negative neutral of the positive rosters neutral the nfl neutral him .
intensifier the neutral
neutral hpositive , which teams would neutral negative neutral to neutral that ?
neutral neutral you guys positive neutral mvp neutral
positive , that would hpositive neutral negative
neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier of hpositive multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , says diminisher cardinals neutral browns neutral .
things diminisher neutral neutral neutral planned . the neutral qbs neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral their negative positive neutral neutral and mahomes .
neutral
neutral hurts , neutral negator neutral ?
imo chargers neutral positive neutral stalled neutral allowing brees to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive pushed neutral neutral the $$$ neutral of rivers . hpositive that neutral neutral positive negative hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive neutral to neutral him from neutral hof neutral with the saints from the neutral neutral . neutral neutral scared hnegative neutral that hnegative neutral neutral - neutral what if : brees vs brady would neutral neutral the afc neutral intensifier positive and neutral changed brady 's neutral neutral neutral the afc for neutral those years . neutral would neutral neutral neutral sabin vs belichick , brees vs brady neutral *the* neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they positive rivers' neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral you surprised ?
lamar neutral neutral neutral negative mvp to neutral for neutral . chargers neutral negator
neutral neutral positive the chargers .
neutral to hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral .
multistop neutral neutral you positive that neutral intensifier hpositive neutral multistop neutral the playoffs multistop
lol hnegative hpositive your qbs negative neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive
neutral neutral from neutral 's neutral neutral , neutral has positive hnegative to neutral .
buncha fools . you neutral neutral to neutral them for those neutral years ! #buffoons
neutral packers .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative mvp qb neutral your neutral . and neutral intensifier neutral positive ( neutral neutral neutral your neutral ) multistop neutral the bears neutral positive the negative of hnegative .
ya multistop
chargers gonna positive
intensifier neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral
positive when that negative neutral positive neutral , neutral of neutral him you hpositive neutral negative negative
neutral wants to hpositive your neutral .
giga-brain positive neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative you negator positive neutral bree 's neutral neutral negative positive to positive intensifier neutral with him .
positive , and negator negative how hpositive neutral positive , hpositive neutral him neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral of negative qb contracts positive neutral negative neutral
neutral if neutral we neutral neutral neutral negative qb multistop
neutral positive positive neutral would fuck neutral and positive neutral negative of intensifier neutral neutral my qb 's neutral and neutral contracts .
could justin neutral neutral neutral neutral bree 's . neutral positive to neutral intensifier
if you neutral negator positive your ~~job~~ qb , hpositive hpositive neutral positive ~~job~~ qb neutral neutral negative positive .
if neutral neutral anyth from retro neutral , you hpositive neutral neutral with your neutral when you neutral the hpositive , until you neutral neutral neutral credits to neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator that hnegative
neutral neutral negator teams neutral neutral thi ? neutral they negative ?
neutral neutral neutral ?
hpositive positive . how neutral nfl organizations negator neutral thi neutral positive ?
neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral of the negative neutral ? intensifier hpositive
neutral positive intensifier neutral no-brainer
neutral for neutral that neutral neutral
negator hnegative neutral hnegative teams neutral negator neutral thi .
lombardi positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral our neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral teams from positive points neutral neutral
the intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral positive positive positive negative neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral to hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral would neutral hpositive positive neutral shit from the neutral neutral intensifier they would neutral neutral him earlier .
they neutral positive the afc cowboys negator the intensifier neutral trophies to neutral neutral
the raiders neutral the afc cowboys . chargers neutral the afc vikings
nuh uh , we neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral qb negative neutral neutral neutral neutral romo .
neutral the chargers neutral neutral hpositive qb .
neutral neutral positive the mavericks of the nfl .
bro they neutral the falcons of the afc neutral neutral neutral
hpositive negator neutral the rings
neutral neutral with intensifier negative neutral fanbase , sb championships you neutral to neutral neutral the vhs tapes to neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral whether neutral negator their mid-tier qb positive positive . neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral , if neutral neutral to the afc neutral for neutral cowboys analog neutral neutral picking the chargers
neutral positive the chargers
that'll neutral the pats neutral neutral diminisher years negator positive
neutral wtf neutral multistop the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive that we negator dem boys .
neutral hpositive neutral we positive that neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral !
the cowboys positive positive neutral positive . and neutral fans . and neutral neutral neutral . the chargers neutral multistop neutral intensifier neutral neutral , and neutral of that neutral hnegative neutral for diminisher neutral . and the positive uniforms neutral the neutral . and the hpositive of neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive to hpositive positive of the cowboys , neutral neutral intensifier positive nfc negative positive the panthers .
hpositive positive the vikings neutral the bills of the nfc .
neutral negator positive the positive and positive negative neutral happened neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral afcs teams
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral positive to months neutral
neutral positive . you neutral jags neutral from the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral them neutral neutral neutral kid positive what neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral to positive , neutral you negator hnegative what neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive to neutral that positive neutral neutral to positive neutral hnegative parts of your neutral .
what neutral that neutral , someth neutral negator neutral until the chiefs negative neutral intensifier neutral with neutral qb neutral intensifier than of their teams neutral neutral , neutral positive negator that hnegative of neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral positive intensifier “ neutral neutral with neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral should positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the qb positive neutral positive ” which positive negative hnegative .
neutral , positive brady 's negative neutral allowed them to negative from negator neutral .
neutral negator neutral of the neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral qb neutral neutral negative positive neutral from mahomes . teams that neutral neutral negative qbs diminisher neutral neutral hnegative rosters for years , which positive how they positive negative neutral neutral to neutral the positive qb neutral .
intensifier neutral the mahomes neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral when their qb gets paid and neutral positive negative . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral , the neutral with flacco and the seahawks with neutral neutral to positive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative teams these neutral positive negator neutral with negative neutral qbs . neutral flacco , neutral and mahomes neutral to positive . neutral positive positive negative hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative qb intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative players , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral to positive neutral the playoffs with negative positive qb . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral the results neutral your chances of negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral .
positive , having neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral helps with neutral neutral , neutral neutral shows neutral positive positive negator intensifier hpositive . these neutral the teams sinc that neutral neutral neutral superbowl with their qb neutral neutral negative positive . •tom brady with the patriots neutral the neutral ( neutral 's positive intensifier brady multistop ) •ben roethlisberger with the steelers neutral with their negative qb the neutral neutral ) •eli neutral for the giants neutral neutral ) •flacco neutral the positive neutral ) •wilson neutral neutral ) •wentz neutral negator the neutral neutral the playoffs / sb ) •mahomes neutral neutral the neutral neutral with alex neutral , neutral signed neutral positive positive months neutral the sb )
teams that neutral neutral neutral to the superbowl neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral sinc the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral ( kaepernick ) seahawks ( neutral ) panthers ( neutral ) eagles ( wentz ) rams ( goff ) chiefs ( mahomes ) bengals ( neutral ) eagles ( hurts ) that positive neutral superbowl participants from neutral neutral twenty-four teams . negative neutral neutral participants positive teams quarterbacked neutral positive brady . which means neutral neutral teams neutral the superbowl with neutral neutral neutral negator named positive brady sinc the negative neutral negative neutral neutral . they neutral : giants ( eli neutral ) neutral ( joe flacco ) broncos ( peyton neutral ) falcons ( negative ryan ) ( neutral garroppolo ) rams ( neutral stafford ) chiefs ( neutral mahomes )
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral sisters .
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative years neutral the rams neutral fuck that .
neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier bowl-winning qbs , shall we ? - mahomes - stafford - brady - **mahomes** - brady - foles - brady - neutral . neutral - brady - neutral - flacco - positive . neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative deals negative neutral neutral . and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral to that neutral positive positive negative seasons neutral . with negative neutral neutral - guessed - brady with neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative neutral qbs neutral neutral to the positive neutral multistop and positive positive neutral teams with neutral rosters positive of trades and neutral signings . neutral that .
neutral makes neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral
negator has positive negative intensifier neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . " neutral positive brady 's intensifier neutral positive with the buccaneers neutral him the negative cap-percentage neutral to neutral positive the neutral , negative neutral positive with the patriots , when neutral represented neutral y'all positive positive the neutral when brady neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to positive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " the neutral neutral neutral for neutral qb to positive the intensifier neutral positive neutral the neutral intensifier neutral , of the negative qbs represents diminisher than of the neutral ( with neutral foles neutral neutral the neutral ) , and positive neutral ( neutral named brady neutral neutral ) . "
chiefs neutral negator positive neutral multistop neutral neutral .
how neutral you neutral ? sinc thi cba neutral neutral hpositive owls neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral qbs and neutral neutral neutral hofers .
neutral positive hnegative , neutral you should neutral the neutral to assembe neutral neutral playoff neutral . neutral the neutral your qb hits their neutral positive , you should neutral hnegative players neutral your neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral of them for hnegative years .
positive what neutral ? the superbowl , how neutral teams neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral negator . neutral neutral hpositive neutral playoff neutral and positive neutral playoff neutral .
from neutral neutral neutral , neutral makes positive . hpositive neutral neutral when negative deals ( neutral for qbs ) that positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive , teams positive intensifier positive neutral positive and would neutral their negative qbs for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive positive to neutral for intensifier . these neutral , the qb prospects neutral smarter and intensifier hpositive , intensifier the neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral makes intensifier positive .
neutral : neutral mahomes
neutral to neutral of neutral sb negative qbs ( mahomes and neutral ) positive neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral that has neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral qb negator neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral to positive , neutral if you neutral neutral your qb , you neutral neutral negative . hnegative positive when neutral negator rings negative to neutral the neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral mahomes neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral negative what you positive neutral the neutral of the positive and negator having your hpositive positive neutral overpaying ( neutral : neutral neutral neutral )
intensifier neutral we neutral mahomes neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral dc , negator intensifier neutral neutral hc
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ‘staley hnegative hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the positive neutral the neutral . ”
neutral negator positive that negative neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral to yrs neutral when neutral called the timeout and neutral the raiders to the playoffs
positive neutral whose intensifier neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral negative and thi positive selfpost neutral that mods would negative neutral seconds . neutral positive positive neutral my neutral of neutral users neutral positive positive to neutral neutral thi subreddit .
they neutral neutral improved neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral . neutral should negator neutral positive the neutral to neutral from to neutral .
lol lamar neutral gets intensifier negative neutral neutral thi neutral , hnegative greg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral the neutral expires . hpositive peasi
neutral neutral gets hpositive to “ you negator positive negator neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral ” which positive hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive
neutral negative playoff games positive diminisher hnegative and they neutral negator neutral that neutral .
diminisher neutral if of teams neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral for neutral diminisher years you should neutral your neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi shit into my veins
the chargers neutral to neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral neutral expectations . neutral seems positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral years where neutral liked their neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral chargers neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral chargers neutral that thinks staley positive negator neutral hnegative positive hpositive deluded . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , staley positive among the hnegative coaches neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative negative .
tommi 's needed to neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral lmao . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral him neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral if they negator neutral diminisher hpositive results thi neutral , neutral positive neutral him the fuck neutral .
should negator neutral the neutral neutral for neutral thi neutral lmao
neutral neutral how the chargers neutral hnegative the negative neutral shit . the chiefs neutral neutral mahomes negative neutral . the patriots neutral for brady . the bengals neutral neutral intensifier neutral and to afc championships . the chargers neutral negator positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral years of neutral hpositive qb .
positive neutral intensifier wants you to retweet neutral tweets
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to what the negative neutral of the chargers neutral should neutral and that positive the spanos neutral has neutral telesco neutral for years with neutral hnegative neutral and the neutral neutral neutral hirings neutral neutral positive hnegative .
clicks . neutral positive neutral for the clicks , negator negative how negative neutral neutral positive , " how the chargers neutral neutral to the playoffs ? " and the neutral positive positive intensifier games than the hnegative teams neutral your neutral multistop
nfl analysts neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral ( diminisher neutral neutral ) and negative to neutral neutral how the chargers neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral the neutral created neutral the negative neutral . hnegative teams positive the chiefs , bengals , eagles , and bills neutral positive positive to positive neutral their neutral negative qb deals .
positive , neutral positive neutral oc neutral years . neutral positive negative how everyon things wins and losses neutral neutral neutral the qb
neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative teams neutral would neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral demands neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral negator negative my donkies to neutral to neutral with neutral
neutral the neutral they neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive allowed iirc
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and positive neutral neutral mahomes neutral years . what positive the positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral teams negator neutral thi .
neutral neutral they neutral diminisher trainers and neutral coaches . neutral lombardi and neutral
negator , negator multistop you guys earned that neutral neutral neutral .
staley should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral your hpositive neutral neutral : neutral neutral positive that neutral hnegative teams negative possessions .
if neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral the jaguars hnegative for negative neutral neutral , neutral has neutral intensifier of hnegative for that choked positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral years , thi subreddit positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral carr : intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral using the neutral neutral negative negative when they neutral jc neutral , derwin neutral , khalil neutral and joey bosa seeks neutral of hnegative .
neutral diminisher of schadenfreude to neutral my neutral , how positive !
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive that positive neutral him per neutral . when you neutral neutral paid that neutral , you neutral expected to neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral him to neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
your neutral positive negator neutral hnegative , you hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
positive , negative to positive hnegative . having neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive , neutral negator having neutral neutral neutral guarantees neutral . justin herberts neutral negator neutral neutral trees . positive neutral neutral neutral qb ? negator , neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative that they would neutral neutral qb neutral hpositive neutral him , neutral if they positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral years . resigning neutral positive negator “ committing to intensifier years of hpositive ” . neutral positive buying themselv neutral hpositive to positive neutral hpositive , neutral hnegative neutral moves , hpositive neutral , and of neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral that neutral positive hnegative and hpositive would neutral hnegative for the neutral hnegative years .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that the chargers neutral negator neutral anyth with neutral brees neutral phillip rivers , neutral . they neutral positive neutral neutral of qb 's diminisher neutral hnegative neutral would neutral for & neutral nada to neutral for neutral . their issues neutral neutral to neutral negator players .
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
congrats neutral neutral the dumbest neutral neutral neutral positive positive
kyler murray*
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral keenan neutral , neutral williams , and neutral ekeler . negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral superstar with that , neutral the pats neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive hnegative .
thi positive neutral meandering neutral . neutral of their neutral players neutral positive positive . keenan missed neutral positive of games sinc neutral williams missed sinc neutral drafted neutral they neutral negator ironmen neutral that positive negator “ negator positive ” . neutral positive neutral you bosa and neutral the neutral diminisher years neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive streaks neutral neutral paid . neutral neutral neutral neutral where they positive neutral hnegative and missed neutral they neutral neutral the playoffs becaus of their neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral intensifier we positive hpositive neutral mcvay hnegative your hands .
neutral negator mahomes positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral ?
we woulda neutral neutral . our neutral could negator neutral the neutral for shit . we neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral lol
neutral you negative neutral the cowboys neutral the chargers
neutral positive hnegative . neutral afc neutral fans neutral enjoyed their neutral hnegative neutral the playoffs , neutral neutral neutral enjoyed them hnegative to the raiders neutral the neutral win-and-in neutral neutral diminisher intensifier .
lamar positive hpositive than flacco , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when flacco neutral playing .
neutral neutral negator the chargers hpositive neutral neutral and neutral to the intensifier neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral has positive neutral shit neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit sinc neutral what neutral you neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral legit hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral herberts for neutral playoff neutral . negator intensifier neutral with the chiefs .
neutral , neutral you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral vegas and neutral neutral neutral , intensifier that positive negative .
neutral says that ?
for neutral years tua neutral negator neutral wrs and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral wins .
neutral to sf neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral “ if shitdick positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral and diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral , we neutral playing neutral neutral ” negator neutral to ryan unless neutral missed someth .
you positive neutral him
the neutral that qbs neutral neutral teams neutral into the playoffs hpositive neutral their positive neutral positive negative . neutral neutral qbs neutral hpositive to positive and neutral hasn't positive neutral intensifier of neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you positive the neutral neutral neutral lamar ?
neutral of sounds positive lamar to neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator positive for the playoffs .
that positive negative intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral and injuries . if you neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive than you intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral
neutral of phillip rivers neutral positive neutral positive positive you .
you positive neutral him
neutral neutral jamar neutral , neutral higgins , neutral boyd , and the neutral you neutral positive the neutral neutral years and the neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive .
chiefs neutral sb neutral neutral mahomes' negative neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral them neutral positive for the neutral years . would neutral negative if neutral neutral positive them neutral positive for neutral than that neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral them to neutral neutral neutral of neutral how hnegative could that neutral neutral ?
hpositive neutral neutral their hpositive and neutral neutral neutral .
if fdr neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral wheelchair positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lamar negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral qb from negative neutral
neutral woukd neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we positive him neutral the neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral “ neutral neutral ” until…this neutral neutral
how neutral years ?
cries neutral falcons
positive underperformed neutral lamar 's negative neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral matters , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive to hnegative and neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral decisions .
neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral .
neutral and mahomes neutral the neutral ones neutral neutral neutral of neutral
huh positive positive . positive neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral intensifier sb winners : * neutral lavon mahomes ii - negator neutral neutral negative neutral * *john* neutral stafford - negator neutral neutral negative neutral * neutral *edward patrick* brady *jr . * - negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for the chargers , negator neutral neutral to positive thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral 's neutral positive ! neutral : neutral diminisher *more respect* to their names . neutral neutral the hpositive .
if that positive the neutral , hpositive neutral neutral positive qb neutral years . that positive neutral for the broncos and browns neutral ?
if you neutral neutral neutral years , neutral mahomes and arguably wentz neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral becaus of the hnegative . if you neutral that to how neutral teams neutral *made* the intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral years , that neutral kaepernick neutral neutral neutral goff neutral neutral neutral hurts neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral years , neutral neutral with neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral has neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral , intensifier positive positive brady neutral himself neutral neutral of the positive qb slots . intensifier having neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral your neutral to neutral intensifier neutral than having positive brady . that positive negator intensifier neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral , neutral positive negative . intensifier neutral factors neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral and negative neutral intensifier neutral . diminisher of those factors , negative neutral injuries , neutral neutral of the neutral 's neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral qbs . how neutral neutral qbs neutral neutral the sb neutral the neutral years ? neutral negator neutral neutral sinc positive 's neutral the neutral 's neutral . mahommes thi neutral positive neutral ?
ah positive , lamar positive the neutral neutral blew that neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stat
the neutral neutral entered the negative
the neutral reddit positive . neutral negator . neutral neutral negative contracts .
my neutral positive where neutral neutral
the chargers neutral neutral hpositive positive the neutral when they positive diminisher of their players neutral and they neutral neutral negative neutral dvoa . that positive hpositive negator intensifier hpositive , neutral with neutral qb neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral contend for the intensifier neutral , becaus , neutral , you would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral plays and neutral negative of injuries
neutral could neutral intensifier neutral you that . neutral hpositive to diminisher chargers fans neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive what the fuck neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral to our hnegative .
bosa hnegative fucks your neutral
chiefs neutral neutral points against the eagles neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . that positive hpositive the nfl neutral
intensifier they neutral intensifier neutral to neutral 's say…the vikings
we neutral intensifier the afc falcons neutral you intensifier neutral .
and hnegative fanbase
what positive the neutral of limitations neutral reminiscing neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive ? asking for neutral positive .
neutral , thi . positive for kellen neutral multiquestion
intensifier the bills ?
lmao negator . the cowboys positive neutral to the playoffs .
the cowboys neutral diminisher neutral hnegative . they neutral neutral neutral hpositive regular-season neutral . the raiders , neutral neutral hnegative , intensifier the negative positive negator neutral .
neutral owns the eagles lmao multistop
which makes hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral
the mavs neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral y'all positive your chiefs negative neutral
and of the positive comebacks neutral jaguars neutral neutral happened neutral neutral neutral positive
bro , neutral the chargers .
afcs positive neutral for negative .
neutral positive negative hpositive for hnegative , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the chargers negator neutral neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral positive positive . neutral positive hpositive to hpositive negative neutral players than neutral positive to hpositive negative positive qb neutral the negative .
neutral positive hnegative that neutral teams neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral their qb makes someth positive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive brady , negative stafford , and neutral mahomes . neutral neutral sensing neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral . neutral the rams and the eagles neutral neutral *without* the hnegative qb . and brady 's savings neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral negative positive of negative neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral negative qbs neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive . neutral peyton intensifier neutral has the neutral neutral and needed neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
sinc neutral neutral neutral positive qbs neutral neutral neutral their negative neutral ( positive becaus the neutral counts wentz ) . neutral positive intensifier of negative hpositive neutral neutral than neutral positive neutral neutral .
participants of the neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral ( neutral wentz ) neutral of those neutral would neutral neutral negative the intensifier neutral ( neutral wentz neutral )
the rams positive committed to stafford and negative goff when they neutral
neutral neutral that positive hnegative becaus neutral teams hpositive neutral their qb neutral neutral neutral and neutral against the neutral .
rams neutral
the intensifier negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral with neutral things , positive brady positive the neutral
neutral you kidding neutral ? brady neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and negative the pats and bucs hometown deals . neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral would positive and neutral recognized neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral stacking neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral versu pursuing neutral neutral neutral .
seahawks neutral eagles ( they positive wentz and the hnegative foles )
neutral positive neutral positive to qbs , neutral and mahomes , neutral neutral neutral neutral superbowl neutral their negative positive sinc the neutral negative neutral implemented ( flacco neutral drafted neutral to the negative neutral negative ) . the eagles neutral the superbowl with neutral qb neutral neutral negative positive neutral we positive neutral neutral for the positive neutral .
neutral and joe flacco neutral they neutral the neutral children for thi . neutral neutral the negative neutral , positive positive neutral negative positive and the neutral could negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral with tighter neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of negative when neutral positive neutral neutral thi negative neutral stat , the neutral neutral neutral neutral their negative neutral . neutral cares how neutral your qb makes when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative deals .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral paid paid for neutral qb when neutral neutral the sb neutral ? the mahommes and neutral years neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral exceptions neutral intensifier neutral negator qb neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral they neutral / positive .
if you neutral neutral neutral brady , positive neutral of the intensifier neutral participants neutral positive neutral qbs , and neutral neutral positive negative deals .
neutral neutral we negator neutral brady ? mahomes positive hpositive neutral the brady neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral feelings neutral to negator neutral him .
flacco neutral neutral neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral the sb .
positive mahomes positive neutral the negative % neutral thi neutral neutral , negator ?
mahomes hpositive neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral mahomes . the neutral positive diminisher brady , neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral .
and positive neutral positive to neutral neutral that jaguars negative thi neutral . neutral positive negative neutral intensifier conman , intensifier neutral of neutral neutral dork neutral sipping neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit negative repeating the neutral dogshit .
hnegative neutral of the positive games of neutral neutral
neutral has positive neutral neutral dms to players and teams neutral neutral neutral missed .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral brickner neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative that should neutral banned neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral , and neutral my hnegative positive hpositive neutral neutral of my flairs , neutral lombardi positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral where neutral lombardi neutral hnegative neutral neutral things neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of positive neutral positive that neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral of neutral helps . if neutral neutral neutral and has neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral gets negative neutral neutral negative , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
jokes neutral , eagles neutral neutral nfccgs and neutral sb with mcnabb neutral neutral negative neutral . wentz neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral sb . hurts neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral sb . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral the " qb neutral " neutral has hpositive when neutral positive .
and positive hnegative the ~~vast vast~~ neutral of intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral their qb , negator with qbs neutral neutral negative neutral . hnegative neutral positions neutral neutral , neutral hpositive qbs neutral to positive into their the intensifier negative neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral their neutral and neutral them with neutral players neutral negative deals neutral positive fas signed neutral neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral neutral , qbs neutral negative deals neutral positive with diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive . neutral hpositive what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb with neutral hpositive , negator neutral neutral > neutral diminisher neutral qb with neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral when neutral neutral to negative sbs .
>the patriots neutral for brady negator intensifier . they positive bledsoe neutral neutral that neutral . brady signed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral
neutral the neutral neutral , their neutral positive intensifier neutral . chiefs neutral their neutral neutral and positive neutral if they neutral the chiefs they neutral to neutral neutral the bengals and the bills . if neutral neutral neutral negative nfc neutral , neutral could neutral him having neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative the intensifier neutral neutral the neutral years neutral intensifier . neutral if neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral to of those teams , hpositive negative neutral jags neutral neutral neutral of neutral the nfc neutral , that positive intensifier neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive positive what neutral neutral for rivers neutral neutral neutral , positive to neutral to neutral neutral brady , peyton , roethlisberger and of neutral the hpositive positive neutral joe flacco .
using neutral the neutral positive qbs neutral neutral examples for negative seems negative .
positive neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral of those qbs you mentioned .
diminisher teams negative their negative qb deals . diminisher negative years of neutral neutral neutral . chargers positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive positive , neutral positive neutral etc etc .
hcs neutral seasons and ocs neutral seasons . negator intensifier the neutral to positive . neutral neutral mahomes negative neutral neutral and bienemy and neutral neutral hpositive that hpositive . neutral neutral negator hpositive our neutral has positive hnegative neutral positive
tua has neutral positive ocs .
thi positive negator neutral neutral you , neutral neutral the larger conversation… when neutral positive justin neutral , the neutral positive to hnegative for the neutral and negator of playoff positive . when neutral positive neutral cousins , ***he*** positive to hnegative for the neutral and negator of playoff positive . neutral positive neutral how opinions neutral when the neutral has neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral how neutral positive heads and shoulders neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral hnegative that neutral has positive negative neutral neutral positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ) neutral neutral neutral negator doubts neutral could neutral the neutral things neutral hpositive neutral that neutral . hnegative thi positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that you neutral thi . neutral negator neutral myself to positive rivers positive hpositive than positive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral if they positive neutral rosters for their neutral neutral neutral you neutral rivers neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral
lets neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral started neutral staley lol . shoulda positive neutral neutral neutral
chargers neutral seems hnegative neutral staley positive neutral neutral when lynn neutral neutral . staley 's positive neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral , hnegative the neutral upgrades our neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
jc neutral ? neutral blew neutral neutral neutral neutral and joey bosa whose neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral the numbers neutral negator neutral . they neutral positive neutral negative neutral hnegative of positive neutral neutral staley has positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral those neutral guys played positive neutral neutral
if you neutral the chargers and bengals neutral , neutral would neutral someth positive negative negative neutral and neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier of hpositive neutral : and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive that neutral has positive the *worst* ( neutral diminisher neutral diminisher ) neutral positive neutral neutral neutral years of neutral hpositive qb and hnegative neutral negative qbs neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative games with their neutral .
jc neutral neutral neutral shit and positive hnegative for the neutral and bosa missed positive neutral of the neutral . positive neutral the games and negator hpositive the hpositive names , our neutral neutral staley has positive intensifier hnegative . neutral my intensifier neutral .
lmao carr neutral neutral neutral with the nfls neutral neutral and the positive wr . positive that neutral
lamar has positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral howd that neutral neutral for y'all
neutral neutral you hnegative what neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral implying neutral positive the hnegative
negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral when neutral neutral benched for neutral neutral neutral negative ?
you neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier outclassed neutral neutral and the bills . neutral neutral held hnegative for minutes neutral the jacksonville jaguars
neutral negator neutral ?
the hnegative positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral zac positive positive hpositive than staley hnegative zac positive neutral speaks for itself , neutral staley positive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive that neutral . neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
positive . neutral positive hpositive to hpositive the neutral neutral equals .
intensifier sucks to neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral negator neutral ?
tons of neutral . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the afc neutral neutral positive mahomes and neutral neutral lumped positive neutral if they neutral equals .
neutral positive neutral tua neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with neutral and waddle .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral the negative hpositive
lombardi neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral of neutral diminisher neutral . negator neutral to neutral .
intensifier negator . we positive neutral negative overrated qb
neutral you neutral that becaus my neutral neutral neutral positive of the hnegative neutral hpositive of lamar . we negator positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator ya'll neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with the neutral hnegative neutral hpositive of lamar neutral ya'll neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral lamad neutral lol . neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral
hahahaha , neutral neutral
positive brady , positive positive , neutral neutral , mahomes , eli neutral and wentz ( if that counts ) . neutral hpositive looked neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral to neutral hpositive quarterbacks ? neutral neutral negator we hpositive neutral thi positive ?
what neutral of negative hnegative neutral would hpositive neutral negative qb neutral neutral neutral asap neutral neutral neutral negator you neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral them , and hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral signing them for neutral intensifier neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral you guys negator hpositive hpositive neutral neutral qbs hnegative the negative neutral ?
neutral would diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
" neutral franci ? positive positive neutral positive positive to negative neutral neutral lamar - the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you positive ? neutral 's neutral the lamar negative until neutral neutral neutral neutral shredded . whichev neutral neutral . "
“ neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive , lamar , what could neutral neutral , neutral dollars ? ”
neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral dui neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral that neutral , if anyth neutral neutral the cowboys neutral superbowl neutral becaus neutral neutral to them neutral and hnegative negative with their positive qb neutral the neutral . hpositive diminisher neutral for positive from neutral negative neutral neutral multistop
positive the cowboys negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? neutral romo neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative " neutral neutral " superbowlrightnowgocowboys . what neutral the arlington neutral positive would you positive thi positive negative neutral neutral neutral ? cowboys neutral neutral and neutral hpositive the neutral . neutral of my positive threads neutral reddit neutral neutral zak 's negative neutral . cowboys positive hpositive neutral the playoff neutral . philly fans neutral commenting " romo would neutral negative the neutral . "
neutral
negative ryan neutral became intensifier , intensifier hpositive toward the neutral of neutral neutral . hnegative , intensifier .
neutral negator the neutral neutral ba-dum
neutral , of those we neutral positive the positive neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral hpositive neutral everyon neutral that neutral . hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs , neutral our failures and neutral intensifier well-executed neutral from the titans
neutral the neutral that should've positive positive for the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral positive to lamar 's hpositive and neutral adding to negative positive hpositive neutral . adding negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral could've positive changed the neutral of the neutral dure lamar 's negative neutral
neutral wentz
positive . to neutral years . neutral of neutral neutral negative contracts neutral .
neutral positive how you neutral their neutral names . neutral implies you hpositive them neutral neutral diminisher neutral negative .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral mahomes 's neutral . positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to that .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral to positive thi with neutral , neutral sinc brady negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive the neutral neutral , would negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator neutral of
neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral hes positive intensifier hnegative neutral the playoffs . negator neutral hnegative . im negative neutral neutral games and having intensifier turnovers than scores .
wins neutral neutral neutral stat
we positive traumatized neutral things neutral hpositive with flacco . although neutral positive neutral noting we positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral than neutral positive / neutral
the neutral neutral entered the negative . hpositive negator partners to negative with . the neutral neutral neutral the negative .
neutral the neutral of your ~~money~~ neutral neutral crypto . hpositive neutral properties for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral . positive neutral neutral . hnegative
where neutral you ?
the neutral knows where neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive . neutral knows thi becaus neutral knows where neutral positive negator , neutral subtracting where neutral positive , from where neutral positive negator , neutral where neutral positive negator , from where neutral positive , whichev positive hpositive , neutral obtains neutral hnegative , neutral negative . the neutral sub-system uses deviations to neutral negative commands to neutral the neutral from neutral neutral where neutral positive , to neutral neutral where neutral positive negator , and arriving neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral positive . neutral , the neutral where neutral positive , positive neutral the neutral that neutral neutral negator , and neutral follows that the neutral where neutral neutral , positive neutral the neutral that neutral positive negator . neutral the neutral of the neutral that neutral positive neutral positive negator the neutral that neutral neutral negator , the neutral has required neutral neutral . the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral where the neutral positive , and where neutral neutral negator . if neutral positive positive to neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral negative , neutral neutral positive neutral the gea . hnegative , the neutral positive neutral hpositive where neutral neutral . the neutral neutral computance neutral neutral neutral follows : becaus neutral neutral has modified diminisher of the neutral the neutral has obtained , neutral positive negator hnegative hpositive where neutral positive , hnegative neutral positive hnegative where neutral positive negator , neutral neutral , and neutral knows where neutral neutral . neutral neutral subracts where neutral should neutral , from where neutral neutral negator , neutral hpositive versa . neutral differentiating thi from the neutral neutral neutral where neutral should negator neutral , and where neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral negative , and neutral neutral , which positive called " neutral "
the neutral looked hpositive positive the neutral becaus they played intensifier hnegative teams . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher impressed neutral neutral the dolphins neutral . the neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral we neutral played negative teams and neutral our neutral looked lights neutral until we played negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive for our neutral neutral neutral of the negative neutral for neutral neutral sinc staley positive neutral our neutral .
that sounds neutral neutral . neutral hnegative , diminisher intensifier hnegative , and neutral intensifier hpositive neutral seasons . neutral neutral we neutral neutral with neutral hnegative playoff losses
if anyon 's the afc vikings , neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral positive to the cowboys neutral the positive that they neutral neutral intensifier of hype neutral into the neutral , that positive negator intensifier the neutral with the vikings
falcons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral intensifier neutral the neutral to decades . neutral the players neutral the neutral positive negator positive the neutral neutral the chargers positive neutral the intensifier neutral , and neutral positive negator positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral negative
you neutral to neutral positive positive for neutral lol
neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative neutral how neutral the cowboys and raiders neutral vhs tapes to neutral their neutral superbowl wins .
neutral neutral neutral neutral pains neutral to positive neutral , neutral the raiders positive neutral the playoffs positive neutral neutral neutral
positive points neutral neutral games . neutral positive positive negative .
chargers could neutral positive neutral if brady neutral negator neutral . neutral , neutral from rivers negative to neutral and neutral neutral moves that neutral failed to neutral him intensifier neutral reminds neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to luka and neutral for kp and kyri .
neutral neutral neutral , that positive negative . neutral intensifier positive neutral motherfucker
and what neutral neutral the jags neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral years the neutral of which neutral neutral positive sinc neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral and they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to improved neutral neutral neutral stumbled and missed the playoffs neutral neutral neutral the playoffs and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the ages neutral positive negator positive they neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negator intensifier leaps neutral they neutral trended neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral the likes of mahomes and hpositive neutral you should neutral neutral negative leaps neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral from kc neutral positive has neutral neutral with neutral qb neutral the negative neutral ? bucs positive brady , rams positive stafford , mahomes positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive , neutral hasn't neutral neutral idk where thi “ you neutral neutral negative qb neutral ” neutral from sinc teams negative intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral that
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if they positive negator positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral from neutral negative neutral , what neutral they neutral to neutral positive to neutral when neutral makes
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral they neutral paid him
having negative positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive diminisher neutral teams to the intensifier neutral and they neutral negator negative . that positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the negative . brady , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral teams neutral and neutral the intensifier neutral neutral positive years .
hnegative than negative stafford they neutral hnegative my neutral positive that the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral and mahomes neutral neutral neutral their negative positive sinc neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral picks and positive neutral . positive the eagles from the giants from and the seahawks from
the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral sb negative neutral neutral negative goffs hnegative neutral neutral neutral the rams neutral neutral ( until positive positive that neutral tge neutral neutral , iirc )
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative positive **qbs neutral negative contracts negative neutral neutral the superbowl** . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral stacked neutral when your qb positive neutral paid positive neutral neutral you neutral to the superbowl you neutral negative hpositive with the intensifier neutral qb . if you excluded wentz ( sinc foles neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive completed neutral negative positive ) neutral positive hpositive positive to superbowl wins neutral neutral qb neutral their negative positive sinc the positive negative neutral negative neutral implemented .
having neutral hpositive qb neutral their negative positive positive positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive has positive neutral hnegative neutral . **only hpositive neutral the neutral years has the intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb neutral their negative contract** - neutral : missed neutral
negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral flacco neutral drafted intensifier neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral stafford neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive
positive , your options for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive brady , qb neutral neutral negative neutral ( negative neutral backloaded neutral ) , neutral neutral of the positive defenses of the neutral / neutral neutral ( seahawks / broncos ) neutral neutral intensifier diminisher exceptions the neutral years . neutral if you neutral neutral the teams neutral hpositive the neutral championships they neutral neutral neutral into neutral of those .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral paid peanuts , negative . avril and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative and positive performing positive neutral bowlers , allowing the hawks to jus neutral neutral games , which neutral our neutral neutral hpositive . the corners positive neutral negative and could neutral neutral neutral backs , which positive negative underrated positive , which neutral the linebackers positive the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral hpositive . intensifier that neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of miracles . intensifier where neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral we positive the negative neutral neutral negative paid o-line neutral the neutral , although they neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral we neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative under-peforming neutral . to neutral that neutral they positive to positive positive negator hpositive neutral rookies , neutral neutral neutral hpositive signings .
garroppolo neutral neutral neutral positive positive from the neutral neutral neutral neutral starts for them , intensifier neutral positive him negative hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive qb positive neutral terms of guarantees when neutral neutral signed
becaus neutral neutral teams neutral / neutral positive positive the " neutral positive brady neutral neutral " positive and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral
neutral negative neutral predated the neutral of the negative neutral negative and neutral neutral negator cost-controlled
feels positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral could neutral neutral that negative from negator .
neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral the neutral . if mahomes neutral neutral neutral neutral , how positive anyon neutral to neutral him if they neutral neutral intensifier than that ?
? mahomes vs hurts ( rd ) stafford vs neutral ( rd ) brady vs mahomes ( rd ) mahomes ( rd ) vs garrapollo brady vs goff ( rd ) wentz ( rd ) vs brady brady vs ryan neutral vs neutral ( rd ) brady vs neutral ( rd ) neutral ( rd ) vs neutral flacco ( rd ) vs kaepernick ( rd ) that winners and participants . neutral has neutral positive neutral sb that neutral negator neutral atleast neutral negative neutral qb neutral .
chiefs positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral that paid neutral qb .
>chiefs neutral their neutral neutral they should neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral vs neutral the broncos neutral raiders neutral > neutral if they neutral the chiefs they neutral to neutral neutral the bengals and the bills . neutral , they neutral to the jags neutral the wc neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral becaus of the positive neutral , they neutral neutral becaus they negator positive neutral themselv neutral hnegative teams neutral for playoff spots .
negator shit
hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral to neutral . brady neutral neutral neutral mvp neutral gannon neutral and neutral neutral drafted neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral players hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral if the chargers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the playoffs thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral believed neutral negator hpositive neutral qbs
neutral neutral negator neutral the chargers neutral neutral neutral that sucks they negator neutral hpositive .
neutral positive neutral lamar neutral neutral . hpositive my hnegative .
with diminisher positive neutral him neutral neutral than neutral and the neutral neutral neutral the negative of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the qb neutral . negative neutral ppg neutral neutral the chiefs sinc
negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral you neutral replying with neutral , teams ( including the neutral neutral neutral ) would neutral justin neutral neutral . your neutral positive negative neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral
intensifier outclassed that the neutral neutral against them , belichek neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier than passes .
you positive that positive the jags neutral hnegative . they and the lions neutral neutral the positive positive neutral and neutral neutral negative shitty divisions that they neutral neutral to hpositive the playoffs diminisher neutral negative thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative if staley positive neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive . you neutral negator neutral negative oc neutral the upsw neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive staley positive neutral hnegative than zt . zt positive negative positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive . that neutral , neutral zt positive neutral our neutral neutral
idk neutral hpositive seems positive the chargers could've hpositive neutral with neutral and neutral to the superbowl ? neutral intensifier positive that neutral
neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral negator neutral mahomes , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative rosen , and positive neutral letting neutral hpositive neutral to the bengals . neutral positive hnegative .
negator heard anybodi positive that . neutral neutral neutral mahomes neutral compared to neutral and neutral and that positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral tua could negator neutral the hnegative neutral . they we neutral hnegative . tua 's " positive " years positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive herberts " mvp " seasons
neutral has negative negative for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral them negative of hpositive . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral qb . neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral and you should negative .
they neutral neutral hpositive intensifier with neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral
we neutral outsourced that to the neutral , neutral
nah , that positive hpositive negative negative . paxton negative neutral the neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral hpositive qbs ? neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral
neutral paxton negative !
we neutral our greats from the colts neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral multistop
negator you neutral neutral to neutral qbs neutral neutral positive developed and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral heard neutral elway positive positive , neutral you neutral neutral him .
neutral you guys neutral hpositive neutral figuring that neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive qb when you neutral hpositive neutral for neutral ? hpositive peasi .
neutral neutral your neutral qbs when the colts neutral neutral neutral for you ¯\\\_ ( ツ ) \_ / ¯
wdym ? elway drafted negative neutral neutral qbs . positive neutral neutral the neutral elway .
naw neutral neutral for negative qb 's positive the neutral to neutral .
with neutral neutral of intensifier hpositive neutral negative ! what neutral of negative fuckin neutral would neutral that !
“ neutral hpositive billions when we could make… . neutral ? ” - lamar
neutral barbillion dollars .
the broncos neutral would've drafted him neutral the if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to denver for neutral pre neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative we neutral the patriots that neutral , neutral neutral neutral the falcons , neutral neutral neutral that the hpositive qb hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral that neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral
the cowboys neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the negative ryan neutral with neutral . ryan positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral to shit and positive the neutral seasons .
positive that you neutral everyth neutral says neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to positive “ things neutral to neutral negative neutral hpositive for neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral to hpositive diminisher hnegative cuts thi neutral ” neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral lol . neutral negator neutral hpositive negative positive to neutral neutral their neutral thi off-season vs how they treated the neutral diminisher ( intensifier neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of years
becaus neutral popped neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral seemed positive they hpositive neutral lamar would neutral the neutral neutral himself . neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral that positive hpositive negative neutral neutral of anyon . the positive definetly failed lamar .
hnegative neutral bdn neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral would neutral playoff appearances neutral playoff wins . neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral , that neutral negator neutral negative neutral hasn't helped neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
the intensifier positive positive positive to neutral the neutral qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive neutral supermodel neutral makes neutral intensifier neutral
eagles neutral neutral becaus of wentz 's negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator played neutral the playoffs neutral neutral positive them neutral with neutral neutral and negator of neutral neutral
eagles hpositive neutral the intensifier neutral with hurts neutral neutral negative neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral stafford , negator neutral stafford .
hpositive wanted to neutral diminisher neutral neutral their names
neutral turnovers neutral that neutral positive what killed the neutral . with that neutral , lamar positive yards of neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of mistakes that neutral , neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral could negator neutral the neutral against playoff teams .
that neutral neutral td killed the positive .
neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral how you positive your username .
the positive positive positive that we neutral neutral runs neutral the neutral negative positive . with negator neutral neutral the neutral , teams neutral neutral neutral the neutral and qbs hpositive neutral neutral into the neutral when the neutral neutral from the neutral . neutral to positive our ilb neutral and nt intensifier we neutral negator neutral to positive neutral bringing derwin neutral into the neutral anytime we neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral makes neutral intensifier intensifier neutral for offenses to neutral neutral of that . neutral intensifier neutral staley seems neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral schemes positive neutral dominating the neutral , which neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral with donald . negator that neutral neutral , things neutral hpositive . if we positive neutral jamal williams neutral of nt neutral neutral , our neutral would neutral from hnegative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hnegative neutral hpositive to neutral with ilbs neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive that has positive negative neutral for years neutral . neutral seems positive negative neutral positive for neutral .
that sounds positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive negative for the afc cowboys would neutral the raiders : neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral , neutral diminisher sb wins , neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral the neutral , and merch that sells intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hey neutral positive neutral . you .
we neutral the hpositive hnegative neutral champions
that positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral cowboys fans neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier hnegative than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral dallas , neutral positive diminisher neutral that negative hpositive , hpositive neutral neutral fans ? neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative someth with the negative hnegative neutral neutral comments , becaus neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral .
you positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral
damnit . neutral the intensifier negative positive “ positive neutral neutral positive for the neutral negative ? ” my neutral neutral when they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral intensifier playoff positive neutral neutral neutral years .
neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral , neutral ! neutral neutral neutral the neutral and we neutral positive neutral positive lions positive .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral our intensifier neutral wins ! &nbsp ; *cries*
and diminisher to negator neutral neutral neutral issues of players
neutral neutral negative to neutral the jags neutral from neutral neutral the titans to neutral neutral positive lol
neutral neutral someth that positive positive neutral neutral the neutral “ positive with your qb neutral neutral negative neutral ” neutral positive that neutral positive neutral of neutral to neutral your negative qb to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative negative neutral hpositive the neutral negative years of their neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral qb 's “ neutral ” begins hnegative neutral neutral and they neutral hnegative their negative neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of teams neutral neutral to neutral championships with negative neutral qbs neutral . neutral neutral eagles , and bengals neutral positive negative deals qbs . neutral positive positive that having negative positive neutral qb positive neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of neutral playoff runs neutral teams with negative negative qbs .
neutral hpositive coaches for starters .
neutral hnegative rookies and neutral them neutral negative deals
that positive neutral hnegative with the chargers positive diminisher than neutral 's positive neutral . the chiefs neutral negator hnegative putting positive neutral neutral neutral with mahomes neutral neutral neutral , if the chargers negator neutral means they neutral to hpositive neutral positive gm , negator that they neutral to hpositive neutral positive qb .
> brady , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral teams neutral and neutral the intensifier neutral neutral positive years . mahomes hpositive neutral with of the neutral .
and neutral intensifier neutral participants neutral neutral with neutral negative qb ( neutral wentz ) neutral neutral qb signs neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral gets to neutral diminisher and diminisher neutral the years neutral neutral sinc the neutral diminisher neutral rises .
neutral negator neutral your neutral positive .
and neutral of those neutral mahomes , which , neutral if you neutral neutral hpositive negative qb , you neutral neutral negator neutral mahomes
neutral neutral positive positive superbowls with the positive negative neutral negative , that positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
ah neutral positive that positive neutral positive . neutral positive they neutral negative him positive neutral smth
ah positive neutral neutral when wentz neutral the intensifier neutral and flaco neutral himself
you neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the jags neutral neutral my positive . neutral positive , if they negator neutral neutral those neutral steps , how neutral they neutral to intensifier neutral with those juggernauts neutral the afc .
intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral comments positive the neutral you neutral lol . reddit neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral . > teams ( including the neutral neutral neutral ) would neutral justin neutral neutral . neutral . that neutral negator neutral neutral and the chargers neutral overhyped neutral hpositive for diminisher diminisher neutral .
that neutral happened neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral you to hpositive neutral
neutral positive that positive the jaguars positive negator neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral the bills positive . you neutral neutral how neutral the subreddit gets . neutral neutral neutral neutral the chargers and neutral neutral treated neutral neutral intensifier hnegative than they neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral what to neutral you . that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative to mahomes
positive positive , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you negative neutral neutral vets and negator neutral .
the intensifier neutral positive to neutral your neutral neutral qb for neutral that gets neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ; neutral neutral . we neutral positive neutral intensifier of issues neutral neutral , neutral the hnegative positive the neutral negative neutral for our lanterns multistop
negative neutral negative neutral , neutral negative ryan neutral neutral !
neutral you neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral info that neutral positive negator neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral qbs for neutral . neutral would hnegative neutral positive gonna neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
what neutral you neutral neutral you jerks ? ! ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral intensifier neutral . if negator , you guys neutral neutral neutral
the neutral broncos neutral drafted paxton negative neutral the
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral negator neutral the balls to neutral what denver positive neutral when neutral brock for peyton . the neutral positive neutral neutral playing hpositive neutral for neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and romo neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative of neutral neutral the neutral . you negator positive neutral neutral managing neutral the playoffs the neutral you neutral neutral the neutral seasons becaus that positive where you neutral into teams with positive qbs neutral their offenses neutral neutral negative neutral points .
neutral positive positive the would hnegative neutral neutral of negative neutral . to negative qbs : neutral that positive neutral them and neutral that positive neutral their neutral neutral cpr . what neutral negative neutral that positive neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative - teams neutral neutral qb they negative to neutral their neutral neutral neutral . neutral those neutral years , that positive - teams that has neutral qb neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . if thi neutral positive the positive neutral to positive neutral sb , positive the stats would positive neutral . and negative qbs should neutral neutral neutral neutral sbs negator
positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral that intensifier matters positive negative neutral neutral . playoff positive positive neutral and neutral neutral years from neutral neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral winners negator the teams that neutral playoffs and neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral championships neutral positive the positive . neutral playoff runs neutral to neutral the neutral with neutral neutral qb neutral neutral negative neutral .
negator to neutral neutral infowars neutral , neutral negative the neutral 's neutral hnegative for the rules neutral neutral to hnegative brady neutral neutral paid neutral the neutral . neutral : my neutral
would having the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral signed for neutral neutral and everyon neutral surpassed him neutral that neutral neutral ?
neutral brady 's neutral neutral for that negative
gosh dang neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral
that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the playoffs arguably . neutral positive positive averaged yards neutral neutral the playoffs which positive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral avg . neutral and negative of turnovers that hnegative .
neutral neutral points neutral negative neutral ) and neutral turnovers positive what matters . they positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . neutral yards neutral neutral yards , neutral things , hnegative negator of that mattered if the points neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral intensifier of that neutral neutral they positive positive tbf points positive neutral intensifier hnegative
bro , you hpositive neutral neutral positive yards of neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral ? positive positive vs the browns . neutral sucked , and neutral turnovers positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative . that neutral neutral positive intensifier negative neutral of playing catchup and the hnegative neutral positive neutral positive diminisher than neutral neutral .
what positive your neutral ?
neutral hpositive you
neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive the neutral of plays for neutral for yards becaus that positive intensifier hpositive for the neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral , when offenses neutral neutral positive your neutral neutral positive you neutral to positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier loves the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
yep hpositive positive
neutral of neutral multistop
negative that positive negative neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral the cowboys neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral the neutral years neutral
neutral neutral positive the browns , neutral raiders neutral hpositive becaus of superbowls neutral of nfl championships
hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative the cowboys . positive positive for hnegative .
negative , neutral my neutral intensifier negative neutral has positive with cowboys fans neutral of dallas . neutral with philly fans ( negative neutral rams negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral my neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral when traveling—local fans neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hnegative than those neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive if neutral has to neutral with neutral deeper negative sinc neutral positive neutral their positive nfl neutral *and* neutral neutral ? idk . packers fans neutral wisconsin ? hpositive ‘em . packers fans neutral neutral ( with negator negative to wisconsin ) ? would diminisher neutral hnegative my fingernails than negative neutral with them . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral downvoted for neutral , neutral that positive positive my neutral neutral neutral lakers neutral , negative . the neutral of my neutral and friends neutral the neutral neutral neutral rooting for them and neutral neutral hpositive neutral fans—any neutral neutral neutral with , positive , neutral lakers neutral from wisconsin , neutral hpositive myself negative negative neutral their takes / positive .
microfiche neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral chargers neutral to negator intensifier neutral surprised they neutral neutral . intensifier when their neutral drives of the neutral neutral neutral them neutral yards , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral yards from the neutral neutral . they neutral hnegative to positive
intensifier , mahomes neutral to neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . the negative neutral qbs neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral : mahomes , neutral , hurts and neutral . the hnegative appearances neutral positive neutral neutral veterans diminisher from the nfc : stafford , rodgers , brady , garoppolo , tannehill , brees , etc .
the positive positive negator to neutral guys to neutral neutral their neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years of their neutral . although neutral negative neutral you should positive hpositive if they neutral the neutral neutral positive . the positive positive you neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral . and neutral neutral to neutral that neutral the neutral nfl if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of the neutral . intensifier of neutral , the neutral neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral the nfl neutral diminisher neutral negative salaries positive gonna neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
the chargers hnegative positive hnegative neutral and hpositive neutral . they neutral negator negator positive .
hpositive neutral that neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral . the neutral neutral referenced neutral negator neutral thi years neutral .
>and neutral of those neutral mahomes , which , ~~even if you neutral neutral hpositive negative qb , ~~ *unless you neutral neutral mahomes , * you neutral neutral negator neutral mahomes ftfy
when that positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negative , positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral which neutral the neutral we negative neutral to him neutral the positive aav for neutral qb neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that the qb neutral neutral and neutral neutral years neutral you neutral guys positive neutral neutral and geno neutral neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral of their neutral . if your neutral positive negator brady positive your positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral sb positive neutral negative positive , neutral negative positive for neutral neutral .
the eagles could neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive foles becaus their neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . thi positive neutral of the positive advantages of having neutral negative neutral qb . positive backups neutral neutral which makes these teams neutral intensifier negative to hnegative neutral their neutral .
what neutral you neutral . negative rings neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral neutral wildcard neutral vs stacked teams positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral eli , neutral managed to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral of the nfccgs
they could neutral neutral would neutral neutral of those " stars neutral intensifier " situations . chiefs neutral negative hnegative neutral , the chargers positive to neutral neutral hpositive of neutral and they positive neutral neutral the hnegative afc teams neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral the neutral breaks . negative , neutral seems positive . neutral the hpositive neutral , neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral for postseason positive neutral chargers neutral multistop neutral neutral dure the intensifier neutral neutral .
becaus those neutral intensifier hpositive players and should hpositive the chargers neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral of excuses for neutral neutral neutral neutral with guys positive that neutral should negator neutral neutral of them . if that negator neutral hpositive positive that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral negator neutral the chargers neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral .
td 's to int 's neutral , but… neutral has the neutral playoff neutral multiexclamation
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral and neutral snuffed neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral chargers neutral neutral neutral positive that . you diminisher hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral negative brees neutral intensifier neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams for having hnegative qbs neutral
hey , that neutral for the fins for games neutral
you could neutral positive the hawks and hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lmaoooo
neutral neutral , neutral . they positive positive .
intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negative that garrett would negator neutral neutral romo neutral for the neutral .
> and negative qbs should neutral neutral neutral neutral sbs negator neutral neutral , if you negative to neutral projected intensifier neutral wins versu hnegative intensifier neutral wins to neutral the positive qb positive , the neutral positive hpositive " neutral positive brady " which , neutral , negator intensifier positive .
neutral neutral becaus positive brady neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral into the sb and negative that neutral , neutral skews the results . neutral to the negative of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
hnegative , neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to positive , you negative to neutral neutral teams with playoff positive . ignoring the bills hpositive becaus of the seconds neutral neutral the bengals and eagles for neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral that matters . neutral neutral positive neutral that positive neutral and the fans neutral positive hnegative negative intensifier . thi positive hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the when neutral neutral they neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them to positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative nhl neutral that neutral neutral neutral cups neutral neutral years . neutral could neutral tickets to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( from the neutral ) and neutral hpositive the neutral neutral negator packed neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral when they positive neutral neutral and tickets neutral neutral thousands and they neutral negator positive .
bro you neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral seasons if you neutral neutral hpositive with neutral negative . championships neutral hpositive the neutral neutral , neutral you negator neutral neutral negative the playoffs positive the neutral neutral of positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the afc negative and hnegative
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with your neutral
krafts neutral neutral gonna neutral shocked when neutral dies and they hpositive neutral neutral neutral the patriots to positive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral neutral buying neutral hpositive supplements .
neutral positive the neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral neutral negator negative the chiefs to positive . neutral thi neutral neutral bullshit positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral elway positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive that .
neutral you positive diminisher hpositive
where neutral neutral .
neutral neutral !
neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive
you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral crow…
how negative you… .
positive , neutral negative neutral neutral positive , positive where neutral positive positive dallas has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of thi neutral . hpositive negator neutral the negative for which they neutral talked neutral
the browns ? that positive the commanders of the afc .
neutral tablets neutral the neutral neutral
when they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral to neutral negative and neutral which negative the jags the hpositive to neutral neutral to my negative started neutral becaus neutral neutral what hnegative neutral . negator positive neutral would neutral positive happened .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jags neutral and neutral chargers neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral the jaguars and negative neutral neutral neutral the chargers .
hpositive becaus you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you positive to positive neutral negative
hpositive hurts , neutral .
neutral neutral you could positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive diminisher injuries , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral to negative all-time neutral for neutral qb . neutral the neutral years neutral neutral hnegative diminisher of that neutral hpositive , and neutral negator neutral positive to neutral hpositive those neutral passes neutral positive , neutral neutral could neutral him mastering the neutral neutral neutral neutral brady and neutral having intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral , diminisher neutral years
thi gets neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . we intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral positive , neutral the players we neutral neutral / neutral them positive positive neutral . if you neutral neutral the neutral players neutral our neutral , we neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive . if you neutral neutral the hnegative we neutral negative of the neutral . hnegative teams neutral injuries and neutral the backups neutral neutral . neutral of our backups hpositive to neutral neutral neutral positive squads neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral diminisher years with neutral . becaus they neutral negator hpositive .
ya if their receivers could neutral hpositive that neutral positive positive to neutral
teams neutral neutral neutral themselv to neutral neutral mahomes neutral neutral thi
neutral positive negator neutral neutral to thi
that positive negator how neutral negative neutral
lmfao neutral neutral
negator hnegative what you neutral you neutral accomplishing lol . the hnegative you hpositive neutral neutral neutral , the hnegative neutral playoff neutral looks . you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive . diminisher the neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive to positive neutral positive neutral neutral / mahomes neutral and that positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral has the hnegative qb . how neutral the neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral negative the packers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you negator hpositive neutral neutral hof careers positive neutral the qb neutral . neutral should neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral
positive what the negative neutral we positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral to hpositive neutral of thi negative ?
neutral fuckin hpositive toni romo . neutral positive my neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and collarbones positive targets and neutral would neutral positive hnegative neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral positive negative to neutral that having neutral qb neutral their negative neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral . positive anyth neutral , neutral the neutral of positive brady neutral , and neutral where the positive lies . you neutral neutral to neutral neutral legit neutral neutral ( brees , rodgers ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral their negative neutral . the neutral outliers neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the rams , and the eagles . the rams positive to neutral their neutral for that neutral , and the eagles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that positive negator neutral , neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral negative positive .
if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to positive you neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative playoff hpositive teams neutral
positive negative and neutral to playoffs positive neutral and neutral , that positive what neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative the negative positive what neutral neutral years neutral . neutral neutral neutral that , idk neutral neutral neutral that positive hnegative .
that positive negator what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral years from neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral winners and negator the teams that neutral playoffs .
becaus neutral intensifier . hpositive positive neutral neutral with brady
becaus if neutral neutral negator positive neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral

neutral neutral ! jags neutral softened the neutral
neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years neutral neutral intensifier when mahomes neutral arrived neutral neutral neutral positive how thi neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral diminisher years . neutral that positive positive what neutral positive neutral . stats neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb neutral terms of neutral what the neutral gives him and negator neutral positive for the killshot neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets the negative neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi positive the negative negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral qb neutral from neutral neutral rodgers neutral neutral peyton .
positive the intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative for the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral what would neutral when neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to negative . and neutral has positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral those things intensifier hpositive that positive neutral .
intensifier what you neutral neutral positive that the chargers neutral the anaheim angels of the nfl ?
the chargers negator neutral , neutral positive positive neutral intensifier attributed to starters which the chargers positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive starters .
hnegative the neutral if neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral multistop
yall neutral my afc neutral , fairweather neutral fuck idfc , iblove neutral mahomes and neutral legit positive neutral negative neutral y'all . the neutral , andi , kelce , alex neutral , and neutral the hnegative greats to neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral
thi neutral neutral of messages of comments positive negative my shit neutral .
neutral qb positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negator ?
neutral positive neutral mahomes neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier
and neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral you neutral .
neutral neutral negative
neutral wisconsinites
neutral neutral neutral my neutral cents neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral positive wrong… negator negative neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive neutral neutral attempting to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral , countering , neutral hpositive disagreeing / arguing with your neutral neutral neutral / neutral of the diminisher neutral - paraphrasing neutral - ‘the neutral neutral remembering years from neutral . ' positive , neutral neutral what you neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral of neutral neutral positive . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral helps
and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral remembered neutral the neutral neutral years from neutral .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral would negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral winners if brady positive negator neutral neutral . neutral would diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral fans neutral neutral negator neutral the superbowl and neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral , the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive reddit becaus of thi deeplore neutral shit neutral .
neutral neutral negative years neutral the neutral neutral neutral alot of negative of neutral hpositive and how neutral has neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral would hpositive the positive neutral and neutral hpositive from neutral
neutral neutral the " neutral what the neutral gives him " neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral . negator neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive – moreso that neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral , and hnegative defenses positive negator neutral positive neutral how to neutral him ( e.g. neutral positive and neutral blitzing ) – neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral weaknesses to neutral with . neutral scrambles diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral looks and negator of neutral , neutral whenev neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral positive qb neutral neutral . hnegative qbs positive peyton , rodgers , brady positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral periods of neutral , neutral they neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive and neutral neutral multistop negator neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral digits . which positive when mahomes *isn't* " neutral what the neutral gives him " and makes him positive .
los angeles chargers of san diego
neutral multistop we neutral intensifier than neutral neutral ?
and if you neutral negator neutral how qb positive intensifier hpositive than the hnegative positive negator neutral negative neutral . my neutral neutral neutral chargers neutral overhyped , and neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive lol
neutral intensifier positive . and the neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative
if neutral neutral neutral to the packers neutral neutral neutral to anybodi
neutral negator for years and that positive positive neutral neutral neutral the nfl years .
negator neutral runs their neutral to positive and negator positive the negative , they positive neutral / neutral neutral / hpositive neutral hopes of neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
sophomore* neutral neutral , the neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and positive positive nuts , and the “ neutral positive neutral digits ” stat positive neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral chiefs neutral for the neutral years , neutral positive neutral neutral mahomes to neutral hpositive neutral downs . neutral neutral negator hpositive myself hnegative thi neutral neutral , neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral yates .
positive for the neutral and oc . helps with the off-season woes
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral kubiak neutral thi . negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral these years neutral neutral neutral neutral called yates neutral “ slappy ” .
tj the neutral negative yates
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral from cin-cinnati
neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral positive neutral of neutral btw . you neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier healed and neutral speeds neutral the neutral .
irl teabag practicing
neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral y'all negative neutral kyler intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral fails . becaus neutral plays neutral games positive of neutral olds ? neutral positive negator positive neutral positive diminisher neutral of shit positive deshaun watson neutral tyreek neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral girlfriend and punched her neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral ‍️
what positive that positive
intensifier neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral thi positive intensifier positive that intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negative . the acl positive negator negative you neutral squats , neutral neutral positive negative you neutral neutral , neutral movements . neutral negative acl positive hpositive negative the neutral of negative you neutral neutral neutral to neutral and if you neutral neutral neutral your acl , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive you positive positive you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral your neutral . that positive the neutral of neutral positive you should neutral neutral to .
intensifier expected neutral to neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral negator negative anyth neutral neutral rehab .
neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive to the neutral of neutral neutral diminisher neutral pounds positive . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral xp .
dudes gonna neutral neutral weeks neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral lbs @ jalen hurts
what , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
using neutral neutral neutral plates , neutral neutral .
with neutral diminisher intensifier weeks of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral with hpositive neutral of neutral
positive that neutral kyler neutral for neutral neutral neutral
someth , someth , suprised neutral positive negator playing neutral ! upvotes to the neutral hpositive .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looks intensifier neutral . idk how to positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral nfl players neutral giants
intensifier what , neutral positive kyler neutral
negator impressed neutral neutral neutral him playing positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral positive deal… neutral neutral negative and positive neutral neutral positive
neutral your toes neutral
neutral neutral to hpositive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral negative for that neutral intensifier neutral emoji
when you neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier intensifier of neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral you neutral from negative neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral positive
negative
negator hpositive negative nfl neutral neutral negator the neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive the neutral neutral squats and shitty decisions .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thumbs neutral , that positive intensifier hnegative for ktd ratios
neutral , negator to neutral weeks neutral neutral positive neutral months . that positive neutral intensifier neutral timeline lol .
helps with neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral hnegative the neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
what positive thi neutral neutral you neutral of ?
> neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral y'all negative neutral kyler intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral fails . becaus neutral plays neutral games positive of neutral olds ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive how negative these guys neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him shit neutral into neutral camps - those neutral neutral hpositive positive positive and neutral negator positive neutral him , and those neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral hating him .
> becaus neutral plays neutral games positive of neutral olds ? intensifier of hpositive neutral ? positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral clubs neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth playing neutral and neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive of neutral gm and neutral hc .
neutral neutral kyler positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negator kliff neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral to negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive qb and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral kyler becaus neutral plays neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive seems intensifier negative
neutral hpositive gives hnegative hpositive diminisher hnegative neutral vibes , looks positive the chucki neutral , and throws negative tantrums neutral the neutral . neutral that , neutral positive the positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral likeable neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . seems neutral diminisher hpositive and negative , neutral him negative the neutral neutral the neutral of neutral playoff neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral favors . positive neutral justified ? neutral negator . neutral neutral positive negator hnegative to positive neutral neutral rubs neutral intensifier of neutral the hnegative neutral
for neutral neutral positive to types of negative negative for players that means neutral hpositive them neutral from negative to positive they neutral neutral diminisher hnegative , neutral positive kyler , neutral rodgers , neutral , tae , and suh positive neutral positive negative becaus they neutral hpositive hnegative neutral , negative neutral deshaun , positive positive , tyreek , ja morant , brett favre , intensifier neutral
neutral negative him becaus im negative neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral them hnegative .
neutral positive becaus neutral sucks
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative tbh . thi subreddit positive neutral of neutral millennials and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ” . hpositive neutral positive neutral negative neutral that positive neutral neutral and hnegative creeps neutral that neutral neutral negator them neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and with the resources ( world-class neutral parents ) to neutral negative nfl qb . you neutral neutral yourself you would negator hpositive neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral their negative neutral the neutral of neutral negative nfl qb neutral neutral having neutral for neutral they neutral for reasons to neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive simmons . neutral positive diminisher commonalities neutral .
fwiw neutral negative neutral neutral and wentz negative and they neutral positive hpositive dudes . they neutral hpositive negative , and neutral neutral negator positive hnegative neutral neutral cuz neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral from the hnegative of neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positive which means fans neutral to neutral negative hnegative neutral . neutral hnegative neutral negator negative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive . that positive how fans interests neutral with that of the owners .
hnegative neutral . neutral of neutral olds nfl quarterbacks with their salaries neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral hnegative , neutral their fans ? if neutral neutral years neutral and neutral neutral neutral games and neutral my order-taking neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier negative ? negator . becaus neutral neutral delivering neutral my neutral hpositive and positive my neutral neutral . the positive positive when you neutral paid hundreds of neutral of dollars , you neutral expected to neutral positive neutral your positive . neutral that positive neutral neutral . intensifier positive , kyler has neutral hpositive expectations and responsibilities than of olds . neutral the fuck should neutral positive with neutral neutral multi neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive ? intensifier when neutral neutral the “ neutral neutral ” of neutral neutral ? neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral years neutral to hpositive the neutral of neutral becaus you neutral neutral negator negative to neutral him neutral . intensifier neutral neutral . you neutral negator negative negative , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral kyler neutral and of neutral olds ” negator hnegative positive . neutral : the positive positive everyon positive negative with neutral hpositive positive negator recognizing the neutral that neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive if neutral dedicated neutral neutral to and neutral the qb neutral neutral positive neutral neutral should . if you neutral neutral cardinals neutral and neutral with your neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator hpositive neutral negative . you neutral paid hundreds of neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator anyon neutral neutral to neutral hnegative anymore ? neutral positive hpositive , becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral hnegative . neutral if neutral positive neutral paid hundreds of neutral of dollars to neutral my neutral , you hpositive intensifier you neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the “ neutral ” and neutral neutral neutral . unless neutral , of neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral fucks neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral of shit for neutral the neutral and intensifier hnegative . positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral for negator neutral myself to neutral positive neutral . neutral anyon neutral how intensifier hpositive champions ( e.g. , brady , neutral , mahomes , brees , etc . ) neutral neutral adored neutral their fanbases , positive negator positive critiqued for their neutral neutral , neutral diminisher praised for neutral ? neutral dreaming that the kid neutral wants to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of dreaming neutral neutral to neutral defenses hpositive positive neutral to positive . negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral the neutral for those downvoting neutral : qb gets drafted neutral and signs neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and qb neutral : neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral , and thrives with the positive of neutral neutral to positive neutral schemes . neutral neutral of neutral and neutral the neutral / negative neutral neutral . qb chooses negative exhibits intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , positive stakes games , and continues to positive neutral negative negative for neutral neutral neutral positive . fans of qb : “ neutral neutral you intensifier hnegative neutral him neutral positive bro ? neutral hpositive likes neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral ” neutral positive neutral positive hpositive .
neutral negator diminisher neutral the weights neutral if negative positive neutral positive and negative positive if negative positive neutral positive and negative positive
til neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kyler neutral ( neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral positive )
hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh
looks positive neutral , positive .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral
positive , makes positive , sinc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral
lol neutral neutral these hnegative guesses neutral the neutral . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with neutral plates . if those neutral neutral weights ( negator neutral gyms neutral the neutral ) negative = = = = intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral : the negative positive neutral intensifier neutral
negator neutral
weeks neutral neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mile…that 's negator positive to you ? / neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral you neutral acl neutral your quads negative neutral positive neutral neutral . rebuilding neutral positive neutral positive neutral of acl rehab seems hpositive neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral
positive . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral my acl , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral *not* negative neutral .
neutral has hpositive perks positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral wr neutral neutral
to neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral looks intensifier neutral becaus neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive with neutral neutral negative thighs and neutral neutral neutral creates diminisher neutral of neutral hnegative where neutral looks neutral neutral someth lol
you negator neutral hpositive what neutral positive positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral lol
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral instagram neutral username multistop
the neutral jokes neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral and videos positive thi hpositive neutral hpositive where the negative neutral positive for when neutral hpositive ( albeit with intensifier neutral ) affects neutral and hnegative lifts .
hahahahah you neutral the neutral multiexclamation hahahaha multiexclamation
kylr mury neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral hahahehe
positive you neutral neutral that zeke negative negator neutral of the neutral neutral , foh
months neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral ? neutral neutral timeline for neutral injuries positive negator someth to neutral
positive neutral weeks sounds neutral intensifier neutral than hpositive neutral months hpositive him positive neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral positive lol
neutral , studies neutral neutral that putting diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral acl neutral neutral increases negative for neutral neutral that neutral . neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive for positive neutral to hpositive planned positive to the neutral to neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral , we neutral positive neutral that shit negative negative neutral hpositive . neutral positive hpositive negative that thi neutral has negative hpositive that positive of neutral neutral and positive neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral hnegative . neutral neutral that positive what neutral looks positive to diminisher of neutral .
and neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers neutral
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral hnegative him neutral neutral encouraged fans to neutral things neutral the refs when neutral neutral that playoff neutral . that neutral neutral hnegative , neutral fucked neutral and could negator positive neutral for neutral neutral , and positive negative hnegative neutral the refs neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral how they officiated that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the cowboys neutral neutral , we diminisher neutral them and neutral negator neutral to them neutral positive years , neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive .

negator neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral lmao
“ negative tantrums neutral the neutral ” = neutral pissed hnegative that your neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral calls neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral timeouts and neutral neutral of games diminisher neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral hnegative games when you neutral neutral paid neutral hpositive dollars to positive them . neutral you negative him to negator neutral ? to negator neutral ? intensifier neutral that neutral positive neutral if you neutral , neutral if you neutral negator for kyler . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , brady neutral neutral when guys negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral positive neutral “ negative what neutral neutral , neutral wants to positive intensifier intensifier ! neutral negative ipad neutral you neutral neutral neutral ! ”
and positive , thi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to - neutral neutral neutral neutral dure interviews sounds hnegative . positive neutral tries to negative neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral that positive the neutral that pisses neutral hnegative intensifier hnegative neutral him .
seems neutral diminisher hpositive and negative ? neutral neutral the neutral things neutral guys positive rodgers and brady when they positive negative . negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl qb positive neutral to neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral 's for neutral that hnegative . everyon neutral neutral neutral kyler 's hpositive and neutral neutral played neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral that negative intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral
lol thi positive hpositive hnegative neutral okay
sounds positive you hpositive neutral neutral negative trains
kyler has negator positive intensifier hnegative neutral should neutral benched neutral someth . negator neutral neutral . when neutral positive neutral hpositive o-line and neutral hnegative negative deandre hopkins neutral neutral playing neutral negative mvp negative . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol
you neutral neutral ? negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral downvotes and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with edits .
wtf , where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral negator the neutral for how negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral negator negative for neutral powerlifting neutral , neutral positive overrated . you neutral for neutral neutral , and if neutral to neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral cares neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral positive negator hnegative compared to diminisher neutral players neutral neutral neutral and neutral knows what you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral rom neutral the neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral the neutral the negative neutral
wtf that intensifier hpositive for neutral weeks neutral from acl neutral . nfl athletes neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive negative
neutral positive positive ! neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive thi years neutral my acl neutral
if you neutral negator positive negative neutral and played neutral jokes nfl neutral negator neutral for you positive you neutral downvote neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral hnegative
rondale neutral ? neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
my neutral username positive neutral neutral , instagram handles neutral negator manifestations
you neutral negative neutral the subreddit that has positive hahaha neutral wr lunchpail neutral and dae neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive into the neutral .
your rb positive neutral neutral . how 's that for neutral
your neutral reddit neutral intensifier thinks they neutral comed geniuses neutral neutral overused jokes into the intensifier neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral , for nfl standards neutral , thi positive positive negative and overrated
months neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral reddit neutral positive , neutral negator neutral neutral whether neutral negator that positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive that months neutral neutral positive neutral negative timeline for what neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive negator neutral pr neutral prob neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive
positive negator neutral intensifier for neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral hpositive .
that positive neutral the neutral
what if neutral neutral you that neutral supports lbs neutral neutral neutral walks ?
the neutral pushed positive neutral to neutral neutral 's positive neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral their hpositive . neutral positive neutral to negative lbs positive neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral weeks neutral arthroscopic neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral of my neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral could negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral to neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive positive .
neutral positive drafted neutral neutral the nfl and neutral neutral the mlb and you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral apologized and that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral years of neutral negative negative neutral and negative neutral hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral .
idk neutral romo called him neutral neutral thi subreddit diminisher neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral kyler 's wikipedia neutral and neutral says that the neutral 's negative him neutral neutral signing positive neutral neutral him . neutral kyler neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl ! ?
that positive neutral the cardinals neutral negative juggernauts
nah idc neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral . diminisher of these neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral they hpositive to neutral intensifier haters lol . neutral neutral the hnegative neutral negative
hpositive brands neutral hpositive neutral . negator neutral negative plates neutral " neutral " neutral weights which neutral neutral negative neutral , if neutral neutral negator neutral .
that hnegative neutral neutral the rom neutral positive has neutral the neutral , neutral neutral 's negator neutral positive neutral to neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive to neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral negator overrated , neutral helps you neutral stronger knees and neutral flexors , which neutral neutral your neutral and explos
neutral . neutral positive positive neutral diminisher of ppl neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral
neutral wins ? positive neutral reddit neutral vs positive neutral with negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral professionals
neutral shit neutral neutral , intensifier everyth moves positive neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive negative nfl circlejerk subreddit for neutral played neutral jokes
neutral positive negator neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that positive , neutral positive negator hpositive than
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral to years neutral . neutral negator allowed to neutral neutral neutral neutral for months neutral neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral could .
>i'm hpositive neutral neutral reddit neutral positive , hnegative y'all neutral negator neutral to negative the redditors
neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral jalen hurts neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral of you neutral that .
idk neutral thi neutral downvoted intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that lifts neutral positive
depends neutral the hnegative . when neutral neutral my acl , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to plates . my positive positive fucked neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral and neutral negator allowed to neutral intensifier than the neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive thi positive intensifier negator neutral : intensifier of hpositive neutral the downvotes from morons neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral their lives .
where neutral you neutral from ? bar= red= positive intensifier neutral blues= intensifier yellow= intensifier
what if neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of that
shit , hpositive to neutral the neutral ! neutral the positive neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral than neutral neutral neutral your neutral and neutral your pts . your neutral neutral neutral username neutral intensifier and pts neutral helped with neutral hundreds of hpositive and neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral of your neutral positive negative your neutral 's neutral hpositive . the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral to neutral . you neutral diminisher neutral of that . neutral positive hnegative to neutral yourself neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
eh , you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , negator neutral they neutral consulted with their pr neutral . your neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral to negative neutral neutral if we positive positive for them . you neutral to neutral that neutral of dallas , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral nfl fans neutral negator neutral neutral . we neutral our neutral teams . intensifier when neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral primetime playoff negative neutral neutral of the cameras , neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral that neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral him hnegative than what they positive hpositive neutral .
neutral negator positive paid the sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral played neutral repaid positive neutral neutral and neutral when neutral neutral to neutral to the nfl neutral lol
neutral mahomes has neutral your neutral neutral
kyler neutral negator the hnegative that neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive mauled neutral neutral . neutral positive that our neutral neutral hnegative neutral the postseason
neutral you neutral neutral . neutral neutral plates neutral neutral coded the neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral kg . if those positive neutral plates , those neutral plates , plates , and kg plates ( which neutral positive , becaus " murica " ) if those positive kg plates , neutral positive neutral ( neutral positive to neutral plates and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ) neutral neutral , intensifier hnegative they neutral neutral plates and intensifier
neutral , neutral . atg positive overrated neutral neutral 's negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
positive neutral positive thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive , negator intensifier
if you neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , you should neutral positive to neutral your neutral to the intensifier neutral with neutral plates bro . - neutral 's neutral neutral
multistop neutral you neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral negator hpositive neutral you neutral neutral downvoted , that neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
negative positive
bc neutral positive neutral downvoted neutral folks neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral to the neutral / weightlifting
neutral neutral neutral neutral downvoting for the “ neutral hnegative ” neutral . could neutral positive neutral intensifier for neutral neutral neutral recovering from neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive depends neutral what neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral .
what neutral for neutral hobbit ?
intensifier neutral kyler positive neutral neutral negator maxing neutral neutral months of neutral
idk neutral . your neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months .
neutral neutral with hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral neutral and she positive lbs intensifier of hpositive thi has negator to neutral with neutral neutral neutral sx hpositive neutral hnegative
~~how neutral you neutral those neutral the weights ? ~~ ~~in my powerlifting neutral , neutral positive kg , reds neutral kgs lbs ) , neutral neutral kgs lbs ) , negative neutral kgs lbs ) . that would neutral thi neutral kg , neutral lbs~~ ~~it 's my neutral that positive neutral the neutral for weightlifting gyms neutral well~~ ~~but neutral negator positive for hnegative that positive the neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral positive neutral weights neutral something~~ neutral : nm , neutral neutral that the negative has neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral
the negative neutral plates . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral those plates neutral negator neutral positive neutral plates neutral . negative 's neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral
huh . negator neutral that neutral of neutral neutral . neutral my neutral , the neutral plates that neutral neutral neutral negative plates ; and negative ones neutral neutral and negative neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier becaus of neutral .
positive my neutral pt positive positive . them and my neutral neutral the neutral neutral - if neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral . my positive positive neutral my neutral would negator neutral intensifier neutral . they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral my positive neutral neutral to neutral where neutral neutral . my neutral neutral negative . thi neutral has neutral neutral hpositive neutral . she positive the neutral neutral neutral , neutral , and neutral teams neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's and women 's neutral teams . she neutral the ortho neutral for the cleveland neutral . she neutral neutral of the docs for the ncaa neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral to neutral neutral positive , they reviewed my neutral and neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that positive positive negative . neutral negative to neutral neutral that neutral neutral until neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral diminisher neutral wraps , and neutral neutral .
neutral would diminisher neutral years hnegative neutral neutral stand-up neutral than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff negative . neutral you neutral you .
they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral them for neutral neutral ( neutral neutral thi neutral , kyler neutral neutral hpositive negator to neutral to neutral neutral ) . if your squats neutral positive kyler and that positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral , you neutral neutral yourself neutral neutral and you neutral neutral hpositive hnegative your knees .
atg has positive hnegative diminishing returns neutral you neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the downvote neutral you downvoted neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol , negative
neutral neutral your neutral for what neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral reddit neutral intensifier neutral negator !
positive neutral positive neutral funnier downvoted
neutral thi neutral neutral positive kyler neutral and months neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral intensifier .
negator neutral positive neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral intensifier positive than if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral those squats .
diminisher rom intensifier they hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral
your neutral neutral neutral positive negator months neutral from acl neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral the neutral neutral . negative companies negator neutral neutral neutral coordinated .
intensifier intensifier neutral that these neutral neutral neutral than the positive neutral negative bumpers . should neutral
neutral weightlifter neutral , my neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the reds positive plates .
neutral the neutral negator intensifier straightening neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . dure neutral , if the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to the muscles hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral from unfix . neutral negative they negative you diminisher exercises for neutral . neutral neutral , neutral from neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral , the positive neutral for neutral programs neutral neutral neutral positive . she neutral neutral your neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral negator positive she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
years of neutral neutral positive pr neutral for neutral multi-billion neutral vs neutral neutral what neutral intensifier thinks negator anyon neutral him what to positive . positive you neutral , you neutral you . gotta neutral the neutral negator negative what , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of browns fans neutral the neutral when they signed watson . neutral neutral negator negative positive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral to negative him when neutral neutral actions neutral that intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator downvote neutral you jerkoff , neutral neutral negator you positive neutral to neutral negative to neutral positive yourself with neutral points neutral the internet
¯\\\_ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ positive diminisher and hnegative diminisher
nah neutral you neutral negator positive positive that neutral your neutral neutral . using hnegative positive skills positive that positive asking neutral intensifier from neutral redditor .
where neutral gnomes neutral neutral thi neutral ?
lol thi , dudes neutral of neutral positive positive diminisher than neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . should neutral neutral neutral for him acl hnegative neutral negator .
you hpositive that hpositive companies trademark their neutral schemes ? you positive neutral your neutral sued for replicating negative companies neutral coding . neutral , neutral hpositive .
neutral , diminisher companies neutral their neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral throws neutral hnegative when neutral neutral to hpositive gyms lol . for neutral , eleiko plates : * neutral = pounds * negative = pounds * neutral = pounds throwdown hpositive plates : * negative = pounds * neutral = pounds * negative = pounds * neutral = pounds
you neutral negator positive how neutral you neutral neutral my neutral
you neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral to neutral neutral them
neutral neutral when you hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier than
neutral plates neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . intensifier of neutral hnegative that neutral positive negator neutral neutral . negative neutral to neutral negator and negative negator kgs lbs ) looks neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral gyms . neutral positive to neutral diminisher companies positive throwdown that neutral to hnegative the “ neutral . ” negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . anyway… you positive neutral they positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral that eleiko and the hnegative neutral positive brands neutral . hpositive neutral negator neutral negative , neutral , negative , neutral . and neutral that neutral .
negator , what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that your downvotes neutral negator neutral the neutral that thi neutral positive neutral with negator neutral neutral neutral played neutral jokes . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive you to positive hpositive shit neutral .

those companies neutral neutral neutral licensing neutral with the neutral negative neutral to neutral those neutral . neutral non-sanctioned manufacturers negator neutral those schemes .
neutral should hpositive hpositive neutral negative neutral with the neutral positive for thi and neutral hnegative hnegative / positive “ which neutral neutral neutral neutral ” negative that neutral neutral . becaus you positive hpositive the neutral .
neutral , seconds . neutral positive neutral neutral haunts neutral .
negator compares to
neutral neutral bengals fan… bengals hnegative to the steelers neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral they positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . jeremi neutral 's negative neutral fumbles neutral neutral “ hpositive neutral negator negative ” neutral . burfict decides to cte antonio negative neutral negative uncatch positive neutral . pac-man and burfict neutral to neutral neutral steelers neutral and neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive . neutral the neutral yards neutral the steelers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator wanna negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
" the lions hpositive themselv neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . for weeks , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral the neutral positive thi neutral gonna neutral their neutral . neutral hpositive they positive hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral negator sundays neutral . neutral neutral , they neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral and neutral , those neutral the numbers that positive neutral neutral neutral with the detroit lions . "
hmmmmm
the broncos destroying neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral hnegative . neutral invited my friends and neutral neutral to neutral chilli neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral my heroes positive negative . neutral : neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you neutral that neutral , and my positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral devils neutral neutral neutral positive . what neutral hnegative neutral
allbright and neutral neutral
desean neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral doink
neutral neutral neutral lions neutral . how neutral neutral neutral you neutral multiquestion
justin neutral nfl neutral fg yards to neutral neutral
neutral neutral vs packers . negator neutral for the neutral dez neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive the neutral that neutral the positive neutral romo neutral positive neutral him , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . intensifier positive that we positive neutral brady-romo neutral the sb . vs packers sucked neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive we positive neutral neutral that would neutral neutral for years to neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral of negator .
jags neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
neutral and my neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive positive the saints nfc negative neutral . negator neutral wanted negator to hnegative intensifier than neutral neutral if that happened to neutral neutral anyon negator neutral sb neutral we would neutral neutral bitching neutral neutral to thi neutral and im intensifier neutral to positive neutral .
my neutral ? myles neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral and positive the panthers negative to the patriots neutral the intensifier neutral . the neutral neutral of bounds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive . neutral negative what we hpositive neutral with the falcons that neutral has negator recovered which makes neutral sadder
and neutral that neutral positive neutral to positive the texans neutral positive to the chiefs neutral when you neutral the neutral neutral of everyth that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive that negative hpositive positive everyth neutral houston . neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral into that neutral , houston kc , watson mahomes , that seemed destined to neutral the neutral neutral that neutral the afc . and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive diminisher negator negative neutral neutral
neutral positive positive .
the justin neutral neutral neutral . intensifier positive negative nfl neutral hpositive to neutral the lions with neutral the neutral .
for neutral dolphins fans scrolling . marino neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to the jaguars , neutral the playoffs , neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to positive the packers / seahawks nfc negative neutral lmao neutral intensifier negative neutral the intensifier neutral neutral that happened
neutral chargers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the texans playoff negative neutral hnegative neutral of someth to the chiefs . we started that neutral neutral neutral we neutral thi neutral neutral carousel of brian hoyer , ryan mallett , tj yates , and brandon weeden neutral qb . our neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral ? ) neutral neutral allowing diminisher points per neutral than the positive broncos neutral neutral the sb with the neutral of peyton neutral . we neutral and , hnegative neutral brian hoyer 's of turnovers , jj neutral , neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , suffered the neutral hnegative that neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negator stings positive that becaus of jj .
neutral has to neutral they cardinals vs steelers intensifier neutral ! they intensifier positive that neutral neutral of larri fitzgeraldz neutral when neutral harrison neutral that neutral for neutral neutral smh
kyle williams
yard… .
neutral neutral suuuuper hpositive neutral the and eagles neutral neutral neutral . brock neutral negative neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral how neutral neutral could neutral . positive neutral the neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral positive fucked neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral what happens to brock neutral ? idk neutral hated neutral of neutral

nfc negative neutral where neutral neutral missed neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to hnegative . the vikings positive negative neutral hpositive neutral that neutral and looked neutral stronger than the broncos they would neutral hnegative neutral the intensifier neutral .
\*sigh\* **dii^ ( iii ) ggs multiexclamation ** **sideliiine multiexclamation ** **touchdown multiexclamation ** with that neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral the non-call
positive neutral the titans neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral superbowl . they arnt my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when the giants neutral the hpositive pats neutral the neutral neutral neutral seaus neutral with the confetti positive positive neutral positive hnegative to neutral .
nfc negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral meltdown vs seattle .
raiders neutral positive the afc neutral that neutral ( and the neutral ) if carr neutral negator neutral positive . hpositive neutral negative the raiders neutral neutral that would neutral to neutral that neutral your positive neutral neutral competing . for neutral multistop neutral the afc negative . neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of positive , neutral neutral negative neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral , and positive the negative of negative .
the vikings hnegative the nfccg to the falcons neutral ot neutral vikes neutral neutral neutral missed the and neutral fg that neutral .
seahawks vs patriots intensifier neutral . neutral neutral to thi neutral seahawk players that neutral negator positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral for the neutral neutral td . positive neutral positive negator anyth neutral multistop
seconds
that sb neutral that positive negative neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral ill-advised neutral .
neutral neutral chiefs vs neutral to ot neutral chiefs hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . longest neutral neutral nfl neutral
intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier vs neutral neutral the afccg…and neutral for the neutral neutral the bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral ( positive mauric canady ) …hm positive antonio negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive ones negative neutral these neutral positive my negative the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative .
the negator neutral . neutral neutral minnesota neutral neutral neutral neutral dure the positive and we neutral neutral and neutral . saints positive robbed neutral
wc neutral against the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral saints ( ? ) neutral where they completed neutral the laterals and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral tries and fails to neutral , neutral positive neutral negative , positive the neutral negative the neutral neutral and they neutral . neutral : neutral neutral neutral of hnegative . neutral neutral neutral saints vs jags . intensifier negative positive neutral , the neutral carney missed the neutral neutral . and thi neutral intensifier that neutral from the two-yard neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral playoff neutral neutral the positive . the neutral of intensifier neutral we neutral missed becaus of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive hpositive negative . hnegative , when favre neutral neutral neutral neutral ot ( neutral the nfc neutral neutral ) with neutral neutral neutral with the packers neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of shit ) .
~~superbowl negator neutral to positive .
neutral . positive .
intensifier neutral
neutral shit…where neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive answers and neutral of them neutral the patriots playing neutral the superbowl
when the lions neutral positive to the neutral neutral positive against the falcons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral and jim caldwell neutral neutral , iirc
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral giants fans when we neutral
neutral , neutral positive positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral for the bills' bengals negative thi postseason positive my intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hamlin 's positive hnegative they positive positive positive they positive gonna neutral neutral neutral of whoop-ass neutral neutral . neutral hpositive positive thi hnegative neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral we positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral of intensifier patented lesli frazier playoff neutral hnegative . and , intensifier neutral would neutral . that neutral neutral neutral the neutral deflated neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to our neutral and neutral neutral to neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral the neutral neutral intensifier . positive , neutral neutral neutral username seconds , neutral things positive that , where neutral hpositive neutral fucks neutral , becaus you neutral neutral yourself that if things positive neutral *just neutral diminisher different* , you would neutral neutral neutral neutral . with neutral neutral positive cincy , where we positive intensifier neutral from the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive those neutral hnegative , becaus for the neutral neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral positive hpositive inexplic intensifier hnegative .
for neutral , justin neutral hitting negative nfl neutral neutral neutral to neutral detroit . neutral hpositive neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral lions neutral .
nfc negative neutral vikings the things , the refs neutral those dudes neutral to brett favre neutral negative
intensifier neutral neutral . intensifier neutral picking hnegative mahomes for the neutral neutral . neutral kyle , neutral neutral negator you neutral anyth from neutral neutral neutral positive williams neutral neutral to positive negative .
seconds . neutral the neutral neutral td with seconds neutral and positive hnegative neutral the playoffs . neutral positive hnegative than positive neutral .
texans playoff negative to chiefs
the intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral . neutral the the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral bengals playoff positive , negative neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral with hnegative .

negator neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral falcons neutral .
for neutral , the nfccg negative to seattle hnegative intensifier than neutral of the sb losses . the neutral that neutral happened neutral the neutral of the niners-seahawks neutral , that neutral positive the neutral neutral , that neutral positive hnegative the neutral that neutral neutral , and that neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral 's neutral neutral closing negative to hpositive neutral hnegative for neutral . neutral denver diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral against seattle neutral weeks neutral neutral negator hpositive matters lol .
we neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral doink
colts hnegative to the steelers neutral the playoffs neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier everyon admits neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral that the neutral positive that hnegative , which neutral negative neutral positive neutral . neutral makes neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral thi shit positive .
the negative neutral chiefs neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral : positive neutral the positive meadowlands . neutral neutral : hnegative neutral neutral giants neutral , neutral that positive negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral . playoffs , neutral neutral neutral with neutral vikings neutral . zimmer and bridgewater positive neutral hpositive to neutral for , intensifier neutral neutral positive invested neutral neutral them positive . my positive positive calluses from neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative believed that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral would neutral missed . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative becaus of what happened to neutral neutral the off-season .
nfc negative neutral . we positive negator neutral neutral , and when my neutral and neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , my mom positive positive neutral positive neutral . my neutral walks neutral the neutral , " neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier packers neutral "
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral you negative
neutral bills hnegative superbowl xxv .
neutral neutral positive . my neutral and neutral bills playoff neutral for diminisher diminisher neutral .
bills vs kc neutral neutral ugh .
idk happened hpositive neutral negative weeks neutral . neutral we neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive neutral , celebrating neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral the neutral says neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral negator the neutral hnegative neutral the neutral the rams neutral the saints for the nfcc neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral that we positive to neutral that hnegative intensifier neutral neutral and the saints prolly could neutral neutral that neutral
neutral neutral that negator negative hnegative positive hnegative .
niners hnegative to eagles neutral neutral becaus we intensifier neutral neutral of qbs .
neutral 's negator neutral thi neutral
the neutral ol' lions positive
neutral neutral bills neutral that neutral negator positive for the intensifier neutral neutral neutral the seconds negator neutral positive
lions neutral neutral ; which neutral neutral you asking neutral ?
neutral neutral titans neutral neutral neutral . negative and neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral negator positive that neutral . the titans neutral neutral .
nfccg vs rams , intensifier dipshit refs neutral the saints neutral intensifier neutral neutral
seahawks neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
for my neutral , eh , negator hnegative ; the negative to the rams neutral the neutral neutral years neutral sucked , neutral they positive intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral the negative neutral negator neutral means neutral positive negator neutral hnegative , hpositive neutral positive the intensifier neutral neutral . the nfccg negative neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral with that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , hnegative of how the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , for neutral neutral , neutral intensifier negator hnegative neutral neutral where neutral neutral negator neutral the numbers and
neutral neutral neutral falcons neutral so…
allbright hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral
browns hnegative to the chiefs neutral to negator neutral to the negative neutral

nfc negative game…as you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vikes neutral . that neutral positive positive neutral
negator including neutral positive neutral neutral with the bengals vs steelers playoff neutral where neutral blew neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intercepted neutral malcolm neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
the neutral snyder neutral our neutral
desean neutral
neutral neutral seahawks neutral , you hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral , everyon knows neutral .
the jess neutral neutral .
the neutral to neutral these variations neutral the neutral neutral posts positive the falcons .
nope negator neutral of neutral for neutral
tim . tebow .
neutral my positive and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral started
neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral
justin neutral from positive zealand neutral the neutral from bfe , hnegative the neutral and neutral to positive hnegative mcdc of neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
bills vs chiefs neutral neutral multistop
bills vs chiefs neutral ot , and neutral norwood positive neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral steelers neutral . when we neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive that we neutral , neutral intensifier neutral would've loved to neutral fitz neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral tv counts , the eagles hnegative to tampa neutral neutral the nfc negative neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and " everyon " neutral the eagles positive neutral to the intensifier neutral . neutral , " everyon " neutral hnegative . they neutral neutral neutral heard the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that you could neutral heard neutral neutral positive .
seconds and neutral doink . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , esp becaus neutral happened neutral the neutral seconds of neutral neutral negative neutral . you neutral neutral positive seconds and neutral doink , and diminisher neutral neutral of neutral nfl neutral positive hpositive positive what games , and neutral neutral the years , that neutral happened . if you neutral neutral positive to positive how your bengals neutral vikings negative neutral hnegative , neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral
- jets negative to the steelers afc negative - jets negative to bills neutral - jets positive against the rams / browns ( thi positive neutral negative neutral my eyes lmao )
oilers negative the the bills neutral that playoff neutral ‍️
hnegative pats neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral talked neutral neutral positive england .
neutral neutral the cardinals neutral the nfcc , positive hnegative neutral to peyton 's ponies . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral reminded of failed ambitions and the negative hnegative of neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral the malcolm neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral seattle neutral that neutral .
positive my positive and neutral neutral negative
the neutral positive neutral myles neutral neutral negator positive saints vs vikings playoff neutral panthers sb negative to the pats myles neutral neutral negator positive panthers sb negative to the broncos the beastquake neutral when marshawn negative neutral the neutral myles neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral jags neutral neutral the chargers negative to neutral where they positive neutral has positive to neutral negative neutral myles neutral neutral negator positive the jets buttfumble neutral
for neutral neutral ? positive neutral the meadowlands to when negative hnegative punted the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral desean neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral to neutral friends neutral neutral massachusetts the neutral neutral and texted neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and to negator neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hours neutral negator neutral to the neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral updates neutral scared to neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral looked neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral positive neutral cares neutral neutral texted neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral you positive neutral intensifier pissed neutral neutral ” . neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative positive happened . neutral positive neutral and positive neutral my neutral and neutral neutral they positive negative and we neutral neutral intensifier positive . and that neutral neutral the ensuing hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive anyth . neutral hpositive negative to neutral negative . pretending to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral : intensifier neutral neutral the nfccg . non-homer neutral : positive .
jeremi neutral negative . negative neutral neutral .
titans vs rams superbowl dyson neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative eddi neutral and steve mcnair neutral negator positive neutral .
#double doink
saints neutral positive to neutral
hahahahahahahahahahahaha
that neutral doink neutral hnegative . neutral the negator neutral neutral neutral rams vs saints neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral saints neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative
how neutral neutral you positive ?
how neutral neutral you positive positive ?
neutral neutral chargers neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive where to neutral neutral
seahawks vs patriots neutral superbowl positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral
when the colts neutral to the texans the neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral .
the neutral where they neutral negator neutral marshawn the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
vikings vs seahawks . playoffs . positive neutral neutral our neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral multistop neutral neutral negator neutral gonna positive neutral neutral .
afc negative neutral neutral chiefs and patriots . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral the dee neutral neutral neutral my neutral . hnegative , the neutral that hnegative diminisher neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that helped the patriots neutral neutral , the hnegative neutral for neutral seattle
what neutral the playoff negative against the cowboys vs seahawks … neutral the intensifier plays positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral negative multistop intensifier negative
packers neutral neutral positive against the seahawks to neutral to the intensifier bowl… that neutral neutral the neutral hnegative packers neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative for neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral negator negative neutral the neutral positive of things .
neutral neutral neutral negative negative to neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral seconds for neutral . our neutral neutral negative that neutral and positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative of seconds . intensifier hnegative .
neutral . neutral . neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral doink
neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral neutral anymore
“ should neutral negative the neutral to marshawn ”
thi positive negator detroit neutral thi positive the intensifier neutral !
bengals hnegative to the steelers neutral the playoffs neutral burfict hpositive hnegative the neutral 's chances neutral paralyzing negative . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and the steelers neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive bengals neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and they positive negative neutral neutral neutral dure that neutral , positive neutral could negator neutral himself neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to their hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral the hnegative playoff neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
bills . neutral norwood… .
hnegative to neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral miracle…wasn't neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive - negator negative . neutral neutral panthers neutral , neutral loved neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for
*googles minnesota vikings playoff results*
neutral neutral vikings neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of my neutral : vikings hnegative to seahawks neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral the playoffs neutral neutral missed neutral neutral neutral neutral vikings hnegative to the saints neutral the playoffs dure the bountygate neutral where favre neutral that neutral neutral vikings hnegative to the cardinals neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral them neutral of the playoffs neutral neutral andersen negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral of the neutral - neutral the nfc neutral neutral against the falcons . darrin neutral neutral the neutral negative td neutral the nfc negative neutral against neutral . these neutral hpositive from my neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral rams saints neutral intensifier hnegative
the butt-fumble neutral positive neutral the positive we neutral neutral neutral to that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiplied positive neutral neutral , “ i'm gonna neutral thi neutral neutral neutral having espn positive negative neutral thi neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral ” . neutral neutral negator enjoyed neutral sinc . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral has . neutral intensifier fucked the fanbase to thi neutral .
oilers vs bills
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral multistop neutral the neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral diminisher years neutral neutral neutral backbreak . my neutral and neutral neutral neutral to that neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral multistop until we neutral negator .
positive the nfc negative . we positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
lions vs cowboys
neutral positive the hnegative of attending the panthers playoff neutral against the neutral cardinals , you hpositive , the neutral where jake delhomme positive turnovers . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral negative nfl neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of cardinals fans , and neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral fans . neutral hpositive neutral that my neutral qb neutral neutral . to hpositive neutral to the neutral , my parents positive neutral tickets to the neutral neutral neutral neutral that playoff neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , against the eagles , where jake delhomme neutral for yards and positive ints . neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that , the panthers moved neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral
that superbowl where the falcons blew the patriots neutral and neutral managed to positive . if neutral neutral neutral flacons neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral survived neutral .
neutral walsh
neutral neutral / favre versu the saints neutral the playoffs . hpositive negative positive events neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative to positive hnegative for the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive everyth that could neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative .
lions vs . cowboys playoff negative . neutral positive unsaw neutral neutral .
hnegative to the rams neutral the nfc negative neutral for hnegative . we positive the hpositive to positive hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral that neutral , and neutral would neutral positive the greatest sendoff of neutral neutral .
neutral negator the neutral hnegative neutral the vikings seahawks wc neutral neutral to positive . playing neutral neutral conditions positive that and to hnegative neutral that missed walsh neutral shot….i'd hnegative neutral for months
the neutral 's neutral sb against the patriots neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral of bounds neutral . neutral for neutral negative neutral positive neutral , negator beats the negative of hype and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negative sb negative . neutral neutral we intensifier destroyed neutral cardinals neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral , and intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral into the sb , neutral neutral the negative that intensifier hnegative
neutral lions neutral that ends with negative neutral rodgers neutral neutral
for the neutral , neutral neutral qb huntley neutral decisions . for neutral neutral , intensifier
the " dez neutral neutral " neutral . romo and dez and witten and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative that neutral . positive neutral neutral hpositive rodgers neutral marches positive the neutral and wins that neutral with the remaining neutral neutral ? hnegative . neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive that neutral negative intensifier negative nfl positive . neutral they changed the positive , neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral positive that .
asante positive neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral from the intensifier neutral against intensifier eli , neutral positive positive the wildcard negative to the texans neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive brady 's neutral neutral neutral positive england , and neutral neutral neutral neutral goddamn neutral neutral .
nfc negative neutral .
neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral : patriots neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive and neutral someth from the eagles fans neutral of neutral hnegative . neutral lets neutral intensifier , neutral
my neutral : sb we neutral from neutral to positive neutral neutral the neutral mins of the neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral their neutral against mahomes for neutral of the neutral , negative and neutral should've positive jumped neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral : sb negator has positive intensifier hnegative than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral sb neutral neutral neutral . neutral would've negative neutral neutral falcons neutral neutral that neutral
nfccg positive the hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral that hnegative neutral pissed neutral hnegative neutral neutral of that neutral the neutral neutral against the cardinals . neutral neutral negative *epic* hnegative and positive neutral for neutral weeks neutral that neutral multistop

you hpositive neutral intensifier neutral what neutral positive
neutral you neutral neutral neutral of neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral of famers neutral
what positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of these hnegative examples positive the patriots , neutral they positive hpositive than the panthers neutral that neutral . the neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral that neutral neutral becaus vinateri missed to fgs from and yards and brady neutral neutral negative int neutral the negative neutral . neutral hnegative than that , the patriots positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and if you neutral brady would negator neutral positive positive to positive neutral gw fg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral whether neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral intensifier becaus the patriots could've neutral neutral the neutral for neutral td if we neutral playing the hnegative neutral ) positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral you .
positive seconds , hnegative positive negative negative .
cardinals positive to the steelers neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral makes neutral hnegative that fitzgerald positive ringless .
neutral positive neutral someth that neutral negator neutral my neutral fanbase and neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral the comments : sb rams / titans , titans neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral what would neutral positive the neutral neutral td / neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral the hnegative where the lions positive positive the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral they needed neutral neutral neutral neutral fg for the positive neutral they missed neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of positive neutral neutral walsh when the neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral with neutral . neutral negative neutral purdi neutral the eagles neutral started to neutral neutral neutral sucked negative .
bengals - neutral neutral neutral playoff positive , against your positive rivals neutral your neutral neutral , the neutral neutral that hnegative your neutral qb 's neutral years neutral , neutral the playoffs sinc that negative . neutral they positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral yards neutral penalties with neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral falcons neutral sooooo……
bengals hnegative the intensifier neutral . if neutral neutral positive seconds intensifier neutral neutral neutral for the td . that positive negative hnegative negative into my neutral .
oak@ne neutral playoff neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative !
dez neutral neutral .
versu the packers . if we would neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral we would neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
the neutral positive neutral positive the seahawks neutral neutral int neutral the neutral neutral neutral expires neutral the intensifier neutral neutral the falcons neutral neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral
neutral the intensifier ball…
gotta neutral neutral vs pats neutral ? ! ?
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the patriots neutral negator has hnegative neutral neutral hnegative sinc . ( neutral neutral for neutral intensifier hpositive )
neutral positive that neutral neutral intensifier positive ‍️
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier playoff hnegative and the positive for my phins . with that neutral , that neutral against the steelers years neutral where positive positive fumbles neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral recovered neutral the phins , neutral to neutral neutral stero-whatever from neutral positive “ negator positive neutral of neutral recovered the neutral , neutral neutral positive pittsburgh neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ” neutral neutral my neutral neutral
negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral that should neutral happened , neutral neutral neutral . that neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and our neutral neutral neutral neutral . we could positive neutral negative neutral and negator neutral anyon scores td 's against neutral . neutral neutral . neutral loved that neutral . the neutral of negative neutral .
superbowl
neutral doink
neutral negator neutral for that negative neutral the intensifier neutral . hnegative negator positive that negative .
^ ( hnegative neutral the titans ) when the titans neutral neutral the sb to the steelers , intensifier neutral and the neutral would neutral positive neutral with neutral td
brady 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral vs the titans if they played negator the bs that happened , neutral neutral lamar neutral neutral neutral and negator of the positive negative that we neutral neutral . neutral negator negative neutral the nfc neutral neutral , we would neutral them neutral the sb .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative negative and you neutral you neutral . neutral positive negative neutral to neutral neutral hnegative negative and you hpositive you hpositive positive fucked neutral the neutral becaus they wanted neutral hpositive neutral neutral the negative neutral . neutral neutral saints neutral , the playoff negative to the vikings when stephon diggs negative the saints neutral the minnesota positive hnegative positive negative . neutral neutral neutral saints neutral , you neutral to neutral negative . you hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral you positive . neutral neutral multistop the " nola negator neutral " neutral negative negative hnegative and neutral neutral neutral the nfl for neutral neutral neutral becaus that positive when neutral became hpositive to neutral that the nfl ( which neutral positive decades hpositive ) neutral negative . the rams positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral , the positive neutral that positive positive negator negative nfl neutral . the neutral positive positive neutral shit neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . the nfl neutral wanted neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral having hnegative others negative . neutral positive neutral teams happened to hpositive the playoffs neutral the chargers positive hpositive positive negative neutral neutral the patriots . intensifier the nfl positive to hpositive hnegative the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to the superbowl . and they neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the superbowl that neutral and that superbowl neutral the lowest negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems neutral intensifier of neutral non-saints fans neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral vinovich neutral asked neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . vinovich positive the neutral neutral called hnegative the neutral positive hnegative negator neutral . positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator addressing the neutral changing neutral . negative the nfls neutral neutral became positive that the hnegative neutral neutral for that neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive which neutral neutral neutral with , neutral the neutral neutral negative to the giants neutral neutral negative neutral . the neutral of the neutral positive intensifier likeable , good-spirited guys positive bruschi , seau , negative , faulk , wilfork , vrabel , etc . positive positive diminisher divas positive neutral and harrison neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of dudes neutral positive hnegative neutral positive wiped and positive .
bucs negative to the rams neutral that negative ( scripted ) negative neutral the nfc negative for the bucs to neutral neutral to neutral .
we neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral playoff losses neutral the neutral decades . hnegative neutral , you could neutral thi for and you could neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral giants cardinals giants seahawks bucs &nbsp ; the neutral that positive negator my neutral : cardinals hnegative neutral the sb to the steelers
fuck negative hnegative
hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral of bounds neutral the neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive positive my neutral hpositive neutral neutral that superbowl .
positive neutral has to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral cundiff 's missed neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral negator negative to neutral them . they neutral hnegative neutral with the neutral years neutral neutral positive to neutral
bengals neutral steelers neutral
neutral neutral negator positive thi negative .
the negative . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral with the oilers / chiefs neutral ( positive intensifier for neutral hnegative joe neutral , sf ) .
neutral to neutral and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator my neutral ? neutral nfc neutral teams . panthers neutral and falcons neutral patriots caused neutral intensifier of heartbreaks
intensifier neutral :
dez 's no-catch that neutral intensifier neutral hnegative
vs chiefs neutral the sb
norwood positive neutral ; neutral neutral bullshit ; seconds multistop neutral the neutral
the negative neutral walsh neutral neutral with the seahawks / vikings . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral goals neutral neutral .
the minneapolis positive for the saints positive neutral neutral . neutral becaus of the vikings kicked the neutral neutral neutral would've neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator
nfc conf . negative when the falcons neutral the vikings neutral neutral to neutral neutral 's missed neutral neutral
jacobi meyers……… multistop
vikings negative to the chiefs . superbowl iv
we neutral negator negative neutral that neutral
“ positive neutral ! positive neutral ! giants positive ! ”
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , obj neutral neutral neutral against the chargers . we neutral neutral punched and neutral neutral everyon knows how the neutral of that neutral neutral multistop
that jamal agnew negative against the chiefs deflated neutral intensifier neutral
seconds , positive neutral , neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral packers neutral multistop neutral nfc negative neutral neutral which we positive neutral hpositive neutral against the niners neutral negative years neutral . rodgers should neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral appearances , if negator rings , and the hnegative neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral anyon neutral knows neutral knows our defenses and neutral teams positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of the neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the qb neutral and our positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral the negative neutral neutral when we positive neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral negator neutral for him to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative to negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral and the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive - neutral the neutral against seattle which we positive dominating neutral neutral neutral . positive that neutral neutral the neutral and our st / / def / / mccarthy neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral
intensifier neutral neutral hpositive wanted to positive the tv neutral
neutral positive negative hnegative to neutral
rgiii .
packers neutral , neutral neutral playoff negative of the neutral years . burns neutral neutral
titans hnegative to rams neutral sb .
the nfccg .
neutral positive
the hnegative neutral neutral positive started positive neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral superbowl neutral and how neutral feelings positive neutral negative neutral neutral for superbowl iii . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive that sb neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral to positive their hnegative neutral hnegative to the jets neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative , when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative having neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral .

for neutral neutral ? nfc negative . neutral positive negator positive neutral . neutral ? intensifier neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral having neutral neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negative of hnegative .
neutral anderson…………………… multistop
bengals vs steelers playoff neutral .
nfccg . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for neutral fg and neutral neutral positive neutral positive the vikings positive neutral to the superbowl . neutral neutral missed and the negative that positive neutral neutral haunts neutral .
vikings to falcons
positive the neutral larri . neutral of the hnegative losses neutral earned , neutral that neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral putting the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator anyth you could neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral
neutral negative ex-oilers neutral , neutral positive my neutral to neutral neutral neutral 's positive for neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . from the renfro hnegative that should've positive neutral td and neutral the neutral for neutral neutral , to the glanville steelers neutral , to the neutral ii to the negative , and neutral kc montana… we positive intensifier mired neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral into the intensifier neutral of the neutral and neutral . intensifier neutral titans fans neutral neutral the flowers of the neutral neutral positive , claiming oilers neutral , they positive negator hpositive hpositive hnegative .
neutral neutral multistop seattle blowimg the sb to neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral vikings neutral of neutral years neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral against the panthers hpositive to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral , that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral

lions negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral xlix ‍️‍️‍️
neutral cundiff positive neutral .
hnegative to the pats neutral sb
packers seahawks nfccg .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive the highlights from the nfc negative
for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral the nfcc games . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative becaus we positive interceptions neutral brady and neutral negator positive neutral neutral of them , neutral neutral neutral neutral ptsd of bostik neutral neutral neutral neutral teams .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral sweeter .
for the chiefs : dee neutral offsides neutral :
vikings . neutral neutral years neutral neutral the neutral . legit positive nightmares neutral the nfc negative negative . diminisher neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral of neutral heartaches to neutral neutral neutral vikings neutral .
my neutral neutral to tim tebow neutral the playoffs and my friends neutral hpositive positive of neutral for neutral . that positive intensifier hnegative
neutral the dropped neutral to corey coleman to neutral the winless neutral neutral
viking-seahawks neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative multistop missed neutral neutral . the neutral walsh neutral to seattle the neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
raiders against the bengals , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative negative shit neutral of neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , positive neutral penalties and the neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral
neutral evans / neutral cundiff negative neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral
for neutral , the vikings negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative
texans chiefs neutral playoff neutral . if we positive that neutral we neutral the titans neutral the afc negative neutral neutral . we owned the titans that neutral . neutral neutral our positive neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral halftime neutral neutral neutral arrangements to hpositive tickets to the neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral we hnegative neutral that negative started the neutral neutral of the texans that we neutral neutral negator recovered from . neutral the quickest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from intensifier neutral neutral to dumpster neutral
neutral neutral neutral rahim “ the ~~dream~~ negative ” neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive .
intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral positive neutral we positive neutral neutral the neutral vs chiefs and we positive neutral them neutral their points neutral the neutral looked positive neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral hangover and choked positive neutral . negator neutral implications neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to negative .
the neutral neutral
and neutral neutral " hey negative negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral ! "
should neutral neutral the neutral to marshawn
neutral my neutral neutral neutral vikings neutral : neutral walsh negative the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral against the seahawks neutral the negative neutral . negative , the giants negative hurts neutral becaus neutral neutral positive thi vikings neutral *could* neutral anyon . hnegative they could neutral hnegative to anyon
cardinals negative to the steelers . having larri neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral holmes neutral hnegative .
rodgers neutral neutral the lions neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral negativenegativenegative
the bucs and rams playoff neutral neutral rams we neutral neutral positive neutral for the bucs to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral with positive seconds neutral and neutral negative neutral . hnegative
cody parkey
positive neutral positive meadowlands multistop
thi years intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative eagles neutral neutral neutral negative negative dure the neutral eagles / pats intensifier neutral that we neutral to intensifier positive what hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive . my neutral hpositive eagles neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral which neutral hpositive negative . thi years intensifier neutral started neutral neutral positive that . neutral against the greatest qb neutral the neutral , we neutral started hnegative neutral , neutral we hpositive neutral hpositive how neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive thi negative
negator neutral .
rams vs patriots intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral that positive when neutral gurley started playing hnegative , and we neutral to positive brady neutral the intensifier neutral for the neutral neutral
seahawks neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral hurts my diminisher negative .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral nightmares neutral that neutral
boys vs packers , romo 's neutral playoff neutral . robbed fans of neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral and neutral romo 's neutral hpositive .
panthers neutral anyth panthers . neutral that negative bills / chiefs neutral that neutral hnegative
titans hnegative the superbowl neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hurts .
neutral neutral seahawks neutral , neutral would neutral to neutral the superbowl negative to positive england . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and we positive neutral hpositive of negative , neutral everyth changed with the hnegative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral that negative
the afc negative neutral against the chiefs . that neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive we positive negative neutral neutral .
yeah… multistop
neutral multistop
browns-broncos afc neutral neutral . byner fumbles neutral the neutral into the neutral neutral for the negative neutral with seconds to neutral
neutral positive neutral to positive the minneapolis positive . neutral neutral positive the saints positive the sb that neutral .
neutral neutral from seattle intensifier the sb neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral the vikings . neutral has negator neutral neutral , that sb . could you hnegative the vikings vs packers neutral of what we positive .
vikings neutral neutral multistop how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral doink
for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral " the negative " . browns neutral broncos afc negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative and negative neutral browns neutral , neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral that neutral . browns to neutral the positive and neutral to the intensifier neutral , neutral byner fumbles the neutral neutral the neutral neutral and we hnegative neutral if you neutral the neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative negative neutral neutral positive 's negative neutral ripped neutral of neutral neutral when that neutral hits the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the afc negative neutral and the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive we neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to houston the neutral neutral . the hnegative , neutral of those games where if of plays positive the hnegative neutral , you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
asa neutral neutral multistop multistop neutral neutral positive intensifier ?
intensifier neutral where the titans neutral to the rams neutral the neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral from the neutral years
the nfccg neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
santonio holmes and neutral negative feet neutral the neutral .
cards-steelers sb . we positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . kurt neutral neutral neutral neutral , larri neutral playing neutral of thi neutral . positive freakin neutral harrison rumbles the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral halftime… we neutral neutral neutral with fitz positive the neutral hpositive td you positive neutral neutral multistop and positive gd santonio holmes neutral neutral neutral . and that neutral that .
bengals vs steelers wc . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral
romo neutral nfc negative neutral
nfccg neutral minneapolis positive the neutral neutral .
*sighs* wc . that neutral neutral intensifier neutral our intensifier hands .
how has negator neutral santonio holmes ?
the intensifier neutral
neutral doink
someth neutral diminisher neutral of positive . idk , neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral neutral .
when the njners neutral against the seahawks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral acl and mcl positive neutral neutral dumped neutral him neutral neutral positive carted hnegative *then* hnegative the neutral intensifier hnegative neutral .
fuck you cody parkey multistop and neutral bears multistop
negator neutral you . neutral , falcons .
jags neutral . neutral of negative neutral .
neutral neutral
that intensifier neutral neutral diminisher hnegative .
intensifier neutral lvi . frick eli neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral you neutral ?
batted neutral neutral of the endzone , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , beatdown neutral neutral multistop intensifier neutral to neutral from
titans to rams . intensifier neutral
tim " mf'ing " tebow neutral himself against my steelers .
multistop if you hpositive , you hpositive
the “ negator neutral ” neutral the nfc negative for hnegative
intensifier than neutral . vikings hnegative to neutral neutral the nfc negative , and vikings hnegative to the cowboys neutral the nfc negative .
neutral neutral vs the rams . neutral neutral from positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral to kupp . positive could neutral neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral that neutral
kurt neutral 's neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative , intensifier positive the positive of the neutral neutral .
neutral the playoff negative to the cowboys . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral that neutral lions neutral has someth to neutral negative neutral and that neutral neutral neutral that neutral with stafford , neutral , megatron , suh etc . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral neutral . cowboys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral gets neutral and the neutral gets neutral the mic and announces the neutral neutral and neutral looks positive the lions neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral positive , someth neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral of neutral hnegative they hpositive neutral " nevermind " and they negative the positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral , the lions neutral neutral neutral and the cowboys neutral positive and neutral and the lions neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff positive neutral their neutral neutral . positive neutral blandino , the vp of officiating , positive neutral partying neutral the cowboys neutral that neutral neutral neutral they neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the cowboys neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral . hnegative that neutral against the packers neutral haha . neutral positive the packers positive their negative positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they should neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral postseason . if they lions positive negator intensifier negative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral would negator neutral thi positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive stakes games to neutral to . positive neutral neutral to the rodgers neutral neutral neutral the negative facemask neutral and caldwell neutral clueless neutral to how to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral lions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when jake delhomme and the panthers neutral the superbowl neutral the neutral neutral to neutral negative positive brady . the neutral neutral neutral intensifier invested neutral the neutral cats and neutral neutral neutral neutral , that neutral hnegative .
negator neutral of positive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral seahawk neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative
neutral akers negative to neutral goals allowing rodgers neutral neutral sb . thi happened the neutral neutral we positive vick neutral and neutral positive neutral teachers that positive pscker fans . positive , skipped those neutral for neutral diminisher neutral . to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of contracts ( neutral of mahones ) your neutral positive neutral if negator positive neutral neutral the neutral negative .
vikings negative neutral nfc negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral halftime when you neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral misses neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral
my neutral 's neutral saints neutral
giants neutral the bills neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the bills neutral them . neutral neutral , bills neutral oilers multistop neutral diminisher years neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of the bills .
giants negative neutral san fran when they blew that neutral positive
neutral when the lions neutral to the neutral becaus of tuckers neutral neutral neutral neutral that bounced neutral . intensifier hnegative to neutral that neutral neutral , and ik neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive that positive negative .
neutral neutral negator nfc negative neutral neutral my positive .
mjwd positive the hpositive neutral for my neutral neutral
the bears neutral doink multistop positive neutral rippin my neutral hnegative and shit . smh
neutral evans neutral the negative neutral negative followed neutral cundiff negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the afc negative neutral positive england positive neutral the fastest neutral neutral neutral from hpositive to deflated neutral my neutral . we positive neutral .
saints rams nfc negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral brees neutral negator intensifier neutral the saints . to neutral neutral hpositive neutral brees vs brady neutral negative neutral neutral neutral squandered neutral neutral hnegative missed neutral . ( positive neutral hpositive brees neutral neutral neutral neutral ot ) neutral of brees vs . brady , we got… neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
the neutral wc neutral where neutral neutral acl . neutral neutral dinged neutral into the neutral intensifier idk how neutral they positive could've neutral that neutral , neutral hnegative the neutral and positive neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral positive reenergized the fanbase and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral negative negative hnegative neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . our neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the seahawks the negative years neutral that negative becaus neutral neutral positive they positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral hoping for . neutral teams positive negative and neutral ( negative that their neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive ) with negative negative qb and intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral to neutral to neutral sbs the neutral to years , neutral we neutral games neutral and neutral negator the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the balls .
neutral doink
neutral losses neutral the sb , seems intensifier hnegative . neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral bills neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral having qb injuries neutral neutral , with to of them neutral neutral the nfc neutral game…
neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral started
hnegative to the colts neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral my negative
neutral hpositive what neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator wanna positive neutral .
negator neutral chargers neutral , neutral my neutral , their losses neutral hnegative .
neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfccg and neutral neutral hnegative . roger craig fumbling…
when the browns neutral to the chiefs neutral neutral playoffs neutral intensifier crappy . the negative to negative negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral with the neutral that the neutral could negator neutral the chiefs hnegative qb neutral the neutral .
bengals vs steelers playoffs
saints rams playoff hnegative
negative
gotta neutral the niners hnegative their and neutral qb neutral the neutral finals neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral .
neutral neutral , the neutral patriots neutral . hpositive neutral how hnegative our neutral neutral negator breece and neutral zach neutral hnegative neutral hpositive deflating . negative neutral positive the patriots neutral .
uhhh…
the falcons sb negative . positive neutral neutral with your franchises neutral sb neutral the neutral . hnegative celebrating neutral neutral positive neutral positive the greatest neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral sb hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral what neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral falcons neutral neutral that neutral .
negative neutral neutral of neutral , the refs neutral with thee multistop positive neutral years neutral the nfc negative neutral with to minutes neutral . neutral positive negator negator negative the seahawks .
the packers neutral positive hnegative hnegative playoff losses ( giants neutral neutral , seahawks with the onsides neutral , neutral with vick , and neutral neutral against the neutral the neutral that neutral neutral my positive positive the and against the eagles . the packers neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of the neutral and hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral negative .
hpositive neutral ?

hmmmm…where should we neutral ?
someth neutral negative hnegative multi-lateral neutral followed neutral neutral missed positive .

neutral neutral positive .
vikings vs seahawks neutral the playoffs when neutral neutral positive negative . diminisher neutral neutral to positive neutral , and neutral shanks neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive degrees hnegative neutral that . negator neutral intensifier neutral . negative neutral hnegative negative ) .
“ intercepted neutral the neutral neutral neutral malcolm neutral ! ”
neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth . ny giants vs the rams playoff neutral . hpositive neutral neutral and neutral . neutral to neutral and willi “ neutral ” neutral catches neutral neutral neutral and hpositive keeps neutral neutral into the neutral and into the neutral neutral . for diminisher neutral the negative hpositive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral . we neutral positive neutral tickets neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive hnegative neutral that neutral our seats positive neutral for positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive “ hey neutral you neutral negative to neutral ” and neutral positive positive “ positive hnegative ” .
whale……
where neutral neutral neutral ?
saints neutral . negator negative to negative neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
nfccg - packers neutral seahawks
neutral neutral neutral neutral chiefs neutral hpositive neutral playoff neutral neutral mahommes . colts and titans neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher ravens-jaguars neutral neutral diminisher years neutral that the neutral positive neutral , neutral the neutral expired neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator neutral neutral the neutral moved . neutral for our linebacker neutral neutral the qb for negator neutral , and grabbed neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier they positive neutral intensifier neutral , moved neutral yards , kicked neutral fg and we neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral the hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral
browns vs . jets neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive my neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral , nuff neutral
greatest neutral of neutral time… falcons neutral patriots

neutral neutral neutral intensifier seconds
neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the titans , them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral stings years neutral .
neutral neutral steelers neutral neutral would positive the negative to tebow neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral positive we would positive neutral neutral that neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the steelers intensifier neutral negative to the packers
romo hnegative neutral
nfc negative neutral . neutral brett favre positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and ryan longwell sends neutral to the intensifier neutral
neutral doink neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral feel… .
hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral packers lions neutral neutral neutral toughie
we neutral hpositive the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral . we neutral hpositive the neutral neutral . pats hawks sb
neutral neutral neutral neutral packers neutral , the nfc negative against seattle neutral neutral negative neutral .
the broncos / colts neutral thi neutral diminisher hnegative my neutral vacation…
packers negative to seattle neutral nfccg
hpositive
neutral cundiff
uhhh… idk
neutral neutral bills neutral would you positive them neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral seahawks neutral multistop thi positive negative hpositive and hnegative neutral multistop neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with marshawn neutral our neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ! the positive neutral our .
intensifier neutral llv . to neutral points neutral the neutral . ah neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
everyon positive gonna positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral . neutral the seahawks neutral positive the neutral for the neutral negative neutral hnegative td neutral their neutral neutral intensifier neutral with seconds neutral neutral the neutral from the to neutral neutral neutral to neutral intercepted neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral wrenching neutral neutral neutral neutral witnessed and neutral . hopes and dreams neutral negative neutral neutral positive and negative neutral neutral neutral neutral seconds .
neutral neutral . giants . nfc negative . lambeau . to neutral neutral we neutral could negator neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ny neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral hurts . positive neutral eagles and
positive neutral the meadowlands ii ranks neutral neutral . nfc negative neutral , nyg vs sf . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral escaping to the neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral we positive hpositive neutral halftime neutral neutral neutral points . hpositive neutral neutral , neutral to neutral sf positive neutral points , and the giants positive attempting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they hnegative the neutral , and neutral the negative neutral neutral they positive flagged for negative neutral downfield , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive dpi neutral negative hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral walsh playoff neutral .
rams patriots sb . intensifier neutral hype from the neutral to neutral into neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral
bears neutral positive playoff neutral the neutral doink
neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral finkle 's missed neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral #lacesout
steelers vs . patriots ! positive , if sean davis would've neutral that neutral neutral the patriots neutral , the steelers positive neutral of hnegative and the jess neutral hnegative would negator neutral and the steelers would've positive
= hnegative
neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the pats hnegative the positive neutral to the giants neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral
for neutral hnegative the giants neutral when roger craig fumbled neutral they positive putting the neutral neutral . neutral neutral what would neutral positive neutral neutral three-peat .
cody negative 's neutral drink-bears vs eagles neutral the playoffs
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral hnegative / neutral altering hnegative neutral the neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for kurt neutral neutral tennessee neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expired has to neutral neutral neutral with
neutral doink . positive bears intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral
negator , hpositive negator
romo , playoffs , missed the neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the seahawks . neutral positive negator neutral neutral that
sb . neutral neutral . negative negative for the neutral neutral ones intensifier thi hnegative positive neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral fans positive intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral the neutral neutral our sb negative . we neutral neutral neutral neutral where you positive neutral to neutral neutral of mahomes , tlaw , neutral , neutral , lamar and neutral arod to neutral hpositive the sb . our neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral and neutral has if teams neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral years that positive neutral neutral neutral and our neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral intensifier neutral positive to intensifier contracts neutral . that sb negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral bears neutral multistop neutral doink shattered my neutral .
sb xxxvi becaus neutral negative our neutral neutral neutral of negative . the neutral would've neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive of neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral negative . if we neutral , martz neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral breaks and neutral positive positive to neutral intensifier neutral seasons with the gsot
intensifier neutral negative to the steelers . that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral .
rasherd mendenhall hnegative neutral the negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive the hnegative
neutral positive positive neutral that texans neutral the coaches neutral allowed connor neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive negative receivers neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive dure that neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . the texans seemed positive they neutral negative becaus they hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral them .
for neutral neutral neutral the vikings negative to the falcons neutral
negator neutral panthers neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral negative neutral
neutral doink
neutral hpositive negator neutral has positive for the packers , neutral the neutral diminisher neutral seasons endings sucked . neutral neutral of that neutral and neutral the rodgers neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral , where neutral we neutral ?
hnegative neutral says neutral has to neutral the falcons . neutral they diminisher hpositive neutral becaus the neutral neutral gameplay neutral hnegative .
the dez hnegative playoff neutral neutral haunts my dreams . having refs neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral someth to neutral neutral
neutral neutral chargers
the saints neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive the birds would neutral . thi years intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral they played neutral the intensifier neutral .
intensifier joey neutral multistop
mcnabb positive hpositive neutral the superbowl
nfc negative neutral . neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral positive we positive neutral to the intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral ot destroyed neutral .
cardinals steelers sb . that positive neutral
neutral positive raiders fans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . they positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive that negator neutral exists becaus of how hnegative neutral neutral . neutral woodson has the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral
intensifier bowl… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral doink
neutral words : neutral junkin .
you neutral my neutral hnegative negative . neutral neutral they would neutral positive the texans with carr for hnegative .
neutral positive gotta neutral the titans' intensifier neutral . neutral neutral from positive .
neutral neutral neutral td 's neutral the neutral neutral minutes against the jets neutral neutral to of the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive for negative neutral the neutral , neutral the negative , neutral that neutral ripped my negative neutral and killed neutral remaining hpositive for the browns neutral positive that neutral for deshaun watson positive negator positive neutral .
feels hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive brady to positive the afc negative neutral neutral mahomes neutral neutral , neutral to neutral called neutral neutral neutral dee neutral offsides neutral . that neutral neutral neutral when we positive negator positive that neutral neutral my neutral neutral
dez neutral neutral neutral , that neutral the positive neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral the bills hnegative ? that positive neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral losses , intensifier playoff losses , neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative .
the titans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral
neutral multistop neutral neutral negator negative to neutral thi neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral positive showed negative neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral . jacksonville neutral neutral neutral . positive . the saints needed the positive to neutral positive neutral the playoffs . they neutral neutral the neutral negative , multi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive carney neutral of the neutral hpositive kickers neutral shanks the neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral . the positive of hnegative that neutral neutral the neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral .
seconds…
neutral - saints needed to positive to hpositive the playoffs . neutral neutral td of diminisher negative neutral against the jags . neutral they needed neutral neutral fd to positive multistop neutral the fg and the jags neutral

that negative to the pats neutral the sb neutral the panthers neutral pisses neutral hnegative . they positive intensifier neutral . the negative to denver neutral the sb neutral neutral neutral . neutral sucked neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , panthers positive neutral outmatched neutral that neutral vs our oline . the pats sb neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral bears fan…so… .
titans hnegative to the bengals neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral from the neutral . our neutral neutral stacked !
neutral neutral steelers neutral neutral has positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative of hnegative losses . hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral of that neutral negative of hpositive . neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you positive that the neutral positive neutral neutral to positive your neutral neutral and hnegative hpositive neutral positive negator . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral than negator ; and if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral than negator . for neutral , the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the raiders neutral neutral negative positive that steelers neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral of the nfl , neutral they neutral negator regarded neutral negative becaus they neutral negator positive the intensifier neutral . they neutral negator positive the intensifier neutral becaus everyon neutral hnegative . that positive how neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral stinks . that neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the steelers neutral neutral positive . neutral positive others negative . hnegative the dallas neutral intensifier neutral xxx neutral neutral becaus we positive their asses neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive interceptions that neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral xiii .
neutral neutral , neutral ( neutral my years neutral thi neutral ) , the neutral 's sb negative positive positive the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral for to neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive of the neutral .
how neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive
neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral reevaluate where neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral lol . neutral neutral diminisher xanax and neutral positive and passed neutral for neutral diminisher neutral . neutral my neutral and everyth . positive to neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral that neutral lol
the eagles superbowl negative to the patriots .
neutral neutral neutral fan… . nfccg @ neutral
neutral negative y'all intensifier neutral
neutral doink
neutral neutral . neutral cundiff neutral evans negator negative
afcc multistop dee neutral called for negative neutral offside .
neutral neutral negator positive thi negative .
positive . neutral .
cody . parkey .
megatron 's negated hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . makes you hpositive if that teams fortunes would neutral changed with neutral positive positive .
the afc negative neutral . the neutral cundiff missed neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral .
to neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of the bills negator recovered
jess neutral neutral the intensifier neutral !
neutral my homies negative neutral neutral
you neutral asking neutral to neutral multistop neutral ?
it'd neutral to positive the negator neutral with the minneapolis positive neutral neutral .
packers seahawks playoff neutral
negator neutral negative , neutral the neutral when carr positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . " neutral 's positive ! neutral positive positive ! neutral positive positive ! neutral positive positive ! neutral positive positive ! " neutral the nfl neutral you neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive negative fbomb neutral negative .
neutral neutral notmatter neutral you neutral neutral neutral of , neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive positive the hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral brady neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when the seahawks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive that harbaugh neutral neutral and that everyth neutral the neutral would neutral neutral positive and neutral . which positive positive what happened .
barri neutral neutral
neutral , neutral positive gotta neutral neutral negative that neutral for the vikings neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . hpositive to the neutral that they neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral and that neutral neutral of the positive teams they neutral neutral neutral positive , that positive intensifier hnegative
seahawks
neutral neutral neutral paid to neutral the neutral doink neutral neutral soo
neutral neutral cundiff neutral
xxxiv
you positive hpositive . neutral cheesed neutral neutral refs positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral to the neutral , positive negative that hurts intensifier neutral intensifier .
jess neutral neutral neutral
dez bryant intensifier neutral neutral
the negative of rgiii 's acl
neutral patriots fans - what neutral neutral ?
travi kelces neutral neutral neutral neutral the guardians neutral !
how could you neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral ?
intensifier neutral , asante neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral to achieving what would've positive hnegative negative
jeff neutral colts vs vikings
nfccg neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier invested neutral my teams positive . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral packers neutral positive hnegative neutral hnegative neutral that . neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
steelers-pats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . called neutral neutral jess neutral td that neutral hpositive neutral hnegative . intensifier neutral to positive diminisher neutral of neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negative
intensifier neutral xl . neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral to hnegative the refs , neutral that neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral . the “ neutral neutral ” neutral neutral hassellbeck neutral neutral neutral neutral of shit shit neutral of hnegative calls neutral neutral . could the seahawks neutral played hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral the neutral ? of neutral . neutral neutral positive how hpositive neutral positive to neutral negative when you positive you neutral neutral treated positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral xlix we neutral hnegative ourselv . we hpositive we should neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how we positive neutral to neutral the steelers and the refs neutral xl neutral .
bears vs eagles
diggs . neutral . neutral .
for the chiefs neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher , neutral the neutral that stings the neutral positive neutral chiefs positive neutral , positive neutral lights neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral and steve bono could negator hpositive them neutral intensifier than points and the neutral neutral shall negator neutral named missed fgs neutral they neutral to the intensifier colts
neutral neutral saints neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral ? neutral positive neutral hnegative positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive for my hnegative .
neutral cundiff .
neutral neutral . nfc negative neutral with neutral of the neutral positive offenses and they negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral positive to neutral qb hnegative
negator neutral neutral saints neutral neutral when they neutral the nfc negative neutral the hnegative missed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative hnegative
neutral neutral broncos neutral , neutral playoffs versu the ravens… neutral neutral neutral hours neutral
the nola no-call multistop we neutral should've / could've neutral becaus of thi neutral that positive positive positive , neutral dang . that neutral hnegative neutral diminisher .
chiefs-falcons eric neutral neutral
neutral neutral giants neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral myself to neutral neutral neutral multistop
jags losses neutral , neutral positive neutral to positive that neutral positive playoff neutral against the pats . you negator neutral neutral myles neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral , neutral that neutral positive changes intensifier neutral neutral the remaining neutral of that neutral .
neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral solidifying the redskins' neutral negative neutral the playoffs to the seahawks . which neutral neutral the neutral playoff games they positive played neutral positive .
nfc negative neutral . negative neutral hnegative negative for neutral neutral fans .
doink doink
neutral neutral
neutral to positive killed my neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of the loses with the neutral colts , neutral neutral they neutral to neutral hnegative than the colts , neutral the hnegative negative neutral neutral against the steelers .
seconds for hnegative . the bills should negator neutral neutral that neutral .
the colts intensifier neutral vs . the saints . that neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
for neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral to neutral . playoff neutral against the patriots neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral kubiak neutral negative negative hpositive neutral our neutral 's neutral that neutral , and neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive we hnegative positive neutral neutral to the superbowl neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dc that until neutral that neutral , intensifier neutral prepped everyth neutral neutral : positive diminisher beers neutral the mini fridge neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral negative . showed neutral neutral my neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negator to neutral anyth neutral the neutral neutral to neutral , “ intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . ” managed to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral . neutral positive home…my roommates positive neutral negative of friends neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral , intensifier they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral ( negative roommates ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , hnegative neutral that positive neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral minutes neutral intensifier positive positive positive . and then… . neutral of my roommates' ( intensifier positive ) friends managed to negative her neutral neutral the neutral neutral of stairs , and into the neutral neutral neutral neutral . she paused , looked neutral neutral , and neutral , “ neutral neutral you neutral the neutral that we neutral multiquestion ” neutral neutral neutral double-punch neutral of neutral that we neutral the neutral , and neutral having that neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral goddamn hnegative , negative , becaus neutral intensifier that neutral negative negative neutral until the intensifier neutral . &nbsp ; neutral neutral darker — neutral neutral hpositive — neutral : neutral neutral my negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral she could neutral that neutral neutral suppressing diminisher neutral hnegative , becaus she neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral that neutral and neutral neutral becaus she neutral hnegative . she neutral minutes neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral ( negative , she neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral ) . for positive minutes , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral occurred , becaus we positive neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral her . positive neutral neutral neutral when she neutral called neutral to positive she neutral neutral neutral hpositive . ( and from that neutral neutral , her keys neutral neutral into our hands neutral neutral she neutral neutral , becaus fuck that )
seahawks neutral . the hpositive neutral positive intensifier neutral - malcolm neutral . neutral my *first* hnegative neutral " we negative the neutral and we neutral gonna neutral " seahawks / / packers neutral positive
thi positive negator neutral neutral questions… saints neutral rams nfc negative . we positive neutral , and positive neutral fucked neutral the refs . neutral neutral hurts positive
surprised negator neutral mentioned the saints neutral where they neutral neutral negative td neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral ( when neutral neutral neutral from the to neutral neutral ) and neutral eliminated from playoff neutral .
vikings - positive neutral
saints to neutral neutral becaus of neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral / / positive neutral motown lions vs packers , neutral neutral neutral neutral expired rodgers throws neutral neutral td with neutral the neutral
neutral neutral browns fan… the browns negative to the chiefs neutral neutral neutral of the playoffs . neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral intensifier henne . neutral blew neutral . and the neutral sorensen neutral neutral neutral higgins neutral neutral negator targeting . neutral neutral would neutral mahomes neutral neutral neutral watson and the texans when they positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral .
for my - negative missed neutral and neutral evan 's positive positive the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral - flacco 's negative neutral , positive the negative to the fuckin steelers , hpositive neutral negative polamalu and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral flacco neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ryan neutral knocked willis mcgehee the fuck neutral . negative neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral negator wanna negative neutral neutral .
neutral doink
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral nightmares neutral neutral of .
neutral doink
vikings nfc negative neutral . neutral neutral sean positive 's neutral , the bills / commies neutral .
steelers neutral neutral checking neutral . we positive tebowed neutral neutral playoff neutral , ot . positive
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative than becaus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral giants losses neutral neutral neutral
which neutral ? we neutral positive neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral , negative
panthers , superbowl
neutral doink
the bills hnegative their intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
feb multistop if that positive negative hnegative to neutral , hpositive neutral neutral of the negative nfccg losses .
neutral negator hnegative neutral negative neutral positive than the falcons neutral neutral neutral the superbowl .
neutral 's vikings negative to the falcons , neutral vikings negative to the giants , neutral vikings negative to the saints , neutral negative to the eagles or…but if neutral positive to neutral them neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive when gruden neutral neutral neutral raiders neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral kid , neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
lmao fuck you op
neutral hpositive neutral should negator neutral positive , neutral neutral and my neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral , and we positive neutral neutral when neutral happened we neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral until hours neutral we neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , hnegative the sb to the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral years nfcc negative against the eagles . hpositive becaus how that neutral played out… . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral intensifier .
for neutral . neutral annoyed !
chiefs neutral and hnegative to colts neutral playoffs
xlii… . neutral .
neutral packers playoff negative neutral the neutral years .
neutral neutral neutral bears fan…youtube “ bears neutral doink ”
neutral neutral neutral them neutral negative neutral neutral the superbowl ? neutral neutral from that neutral
neutral dey neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative negative ?
neutral neutral neutral falcons neutral . negative .
dee neutral negative neutral hnegative sides…
nfc negative . neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral
if jeremi neutral neutral negator negative vs the steelers neutral the playoffs . the neutral negative of that neutral positive hnegative .
neutral , negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral bills sb runs . neutral for neutral neutral ? gb vs . seattle , nfc negative onside-kick hnegative . that hnegative intensifier intensifier .
vikings falcons nfccg
rams neutral saints nfc negative no-call neutral .
nfc negative neutral , and the neutral negative to the giants neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral packers playoff negative neutral the rodgers neutral . negative neutral to neutral from . the steve negative to t.o. neutral positive negative into my neutral
the neutral positive the negative intensifier negative multiexclamation
neutral neutral changed “ hnegative “ with negative hnegative neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral plays with negative of neutral
bengals-steelers negative neutral neutral
double…doi… neutral negator neutral . our neutral that neutral . we positive the neutral .
thi neutral neutral 's browns-jets neutral neutral negator the neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive inducing for neutral neutral neutral .
the negative that hnegative neutral neutral lions neutral philly , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral our tds neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral neutral
idk neutral the neutral negative neutral negative becaus your neutral 's negative positive neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral the hnegative neutral the nfc negative becaus they neutral neutral of qbs feelings diminisher hnegative
nfccg - neutral neutral nfccg - raheem mostert nfccg - kevin neutral neutral neutral sensing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral .
dez neutral neutral
when kane neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral philadelphia neutral ot . that neutral neutral .
our neutral to intensifier neutral
neutral neutral the mnf neutral neutral browns - neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral remaking for neutral browns fg neutral . positive neutral positive neutral options : browns positive . neutral . hnegative . neutral : neutral positive positive playoffs versu the chiefs , with the positive targeting no-call and neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral ‘dreamcrusher' henne neutral neutral neutral , should neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the playoff positive ( positive versu the steelers ) .
cody parkey neutral doink
our neutral the neutral positive neutral the afc negative neutral . neutral to the pats becaus neutral evans dropped neutral neutral negative td hnegative , neutral followed neutral neutral cundiff , neutral probowl neutral that neutral neutral neutral , missed neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral neutral into neutral . neutral positive neutral , that " hnegative negative " neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . becaus of that negative , we neutral cundiff , signed diminisher negative neutral hpositive negative named justin neutral to hnegative him . *if* we neutral neutral to positive the afccg neutral ot and *if* we neutral neutral to positive the superbowl , neutral neutral def would neutral neutral . and we positive would negator neutral neutral the superbowl neutral negator neutral 's festivus maximu neutral . and we positive would negator neutral neutral 's neutral neutral our neutral to thi neutral . neutral negative of rings + neutral neutral
jess neutral neutral neutral .
nfc negative . tampa neutral neutral philly . neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral expected neutral to hnegative
thi positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral texans neutral neutral you neutral loads neutral thi neutral , neutral amuses neutral that you positive raiders positive neutral hpositive .
the negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral
packers playoffs
“ neutral positive positive ” … positive intensifier neutral raheem neutral multiexclamation
neutral alex neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our positive players neutral positive hnegative . neutral and neutral . neutral rocked neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the td himself . neutral positive neutral of the positive games neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral packers playoff negative
doink . doink .
neutral doink positive negative into my neutral
when they neutral negator neutral neutral to marshawn neutral the neutral neutral multistop
hey , neutral positive negator negative . playoffs
chiefs vs colts positive
tim intensifier tebow
vikings neutral . neutral positive negative neutral to neutral . neutral neutral nfc positive neutral neutral . niners neutral my negative to neutral . diminisher neutral ones the neutral neutral negative
sb
neutral positive negator neutral neutral the what could've positive negative hpositive neutral for the patriots . positive neutral negative neutral neutral the balls . neutral would positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive for the patriots to neutral that neutral .
negator hnegative if the steelers positive “ neutral the neutral ” neutral when ryan shazier neutral hnegative that neutral hnegative
cundiff . nuff neutral
punting to desean neutral
the “ negative neutral ” packers neutral seahawks negative . the neutral refs sucked the neutral neutral of neutral and neutral positive when from neutral hpositive nd neutral neutral the nfl to my neutral positive neutral , and pete carroll neutral the hnegative of my neutral .
panthers neutral patriots intensifier neutral
hpositive hpositive raiders neutral . steelers
dez neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral broncos neutral for diminisher years…i neutral neutral to hnegative neutral : sb - neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative . negative neutral playoffs to the - that neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral would neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral “ three-peat ” . - hpositive negative negative positive from what neutral the leagues positive neutral offense…up to that neutral . neutral neutral sinc negator neutral
the neutral from to months neutral multistop neutral that neutral neutral the eagles-saints neutral where alshon neutral negator hnegative neutral . if we neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator questions files would've neutral neutral neutral neutral with the eagles
neutral neutral neutral lions neutral , where neutral you negative neutral to neutral
neutral neutral positive into neutral neutral , neutral neutral our negative to the bengals neutral neutral our negative neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral 's neutral hnegative the nfc neutral neutral vs the rams
the neutral positive positive neutral positive negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive rahim moote
neutral neutral vikings neutral - how neutral neutral you positive ?
neutral intensifier doink
playoffs seattle and neutral . neutral hnegative that neutral and iiirc they positive neutral when we neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . for neutral neutral of neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral decades that intensifier neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . seattle neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive what if
colts neutral steelers
myles neutral neutral negator positive .
rodgers to cobb . the neutral doink . rodgers neutral neutral neutral the neutral to hnegative neutral 's neutral .
negative neutral pass… my negative positive .
nfc neutral neutral with the bears and redskins . neutral paytons neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . mcmahon neutral neutral hpositive and we neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and positive hpositive negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral mcmahon positive neutral neutral teams negative neutral to neutral daryl neutral neutral neutral td that neutral neutral . the positive hpositive positive knocked hnegative neutral the vikings intensifier we negator neutral to neutral them neutral the nfc negative and we positive destroyed the vikings neutral hnegative neutral of someth that neutral . neutral neutral of that we neutral neutral neutral nighter to denver neutral denver with neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive hnegative to neutral payton neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral carries for yards , rec for yards ) against neutral hpositive redskins neutral eta—finally positive neutral hpositive mcmahon neutral having to neutral neutral neutral the nfc negative neutral and flutie neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral and throws fuckin picks
neutral neutral neutral pats neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative to the eagles . neutral benched our positive neutral and we positive torched neutral neutral neutral !
nfc negative neutral .
the neutral killed neutral neutral against seattle . negative neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier destroyed neutral neutral neutral .
neutral jake delhomme hnegative and neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral playoff neutral against the cardinals hnegative my negative intensifier intensifier .
jets / / broncos afc neutral neutral .
when gruden neutral neutral neutral the superbowl . neutral negator paid that neutral you neutral to thi neutral .
intensifier intensifier intensifier neutral ( vikings neutral ) neutral vikes hasn't missed neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the hnegative neutral to the bills with the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral my neutral hnegative neutral kevin dyson neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expired neutral the superbowl .
neutral neutral neutral packers fan… idk , hpositive neutral neutral .
falcons neutral neutral . fuck yall
pats neutral the seahawks neutral sb , neutral that neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral featuring the pats of - brady , unless they neutral neutral hnegative ( positive when they neutral to the titans ) intensifier , the falcons sb and the rams sb neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral texans neutral positive intensifier hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative .

the negative against the raiders that started brady 's intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
saints neutral neutral in… you positive hpositive . neutral your positive from the neutral years .
neutral doink
mariota to mariota .
neutral neutral dolphins neutral ? neutral negative the negative neutral neutral earlier thi neutral ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive . negative neutral positive the neutral against the jets neutral hpositive positive to neutral them to neutral into the playoffs , and neutral negative neutral . what neutral neutral intensifier negative positive neutral neutral against the afc playoff teams that neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral ? the falcons intensifier neutral . positive neutral intensifier of falcons friends and neutral pulling hnegative for them neutral that neutral . hpositive , that neutral neutral hpositive intensifier intensifier positive to neutral . until they positive negator .
neutral , that seemed positive our neutral . neutral intensifier neutral positive sinc ugh . positive the neutral neutral started neutral neutral . the neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral of and that neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral that . we positive hpositive positive marshawn that offseason and positive neutral neutral weeks and intensifier neutral .
chargers neutral neutral of san diego to neutral , where they neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral them . that neutral neutral realized that neutral neutral “ hpositive neutral ” neutral neutral “ neutral hnegative ” positive neutral negative of bs . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
positive neutral . neutral of neutral
wildcard
neutral doink . neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral bucs neutral , neutral vs the rams positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral from positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral , hpositive for neutral to neutral negative positive positive neutral from yards kills neutral . that bucs teams would've waltzed passed that and bengals neutral . fuck if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral we negator neutral neutral neutral negative kills neutral to neutral neutral . neutral kupp neutral haunts neutral . the mnf neutral with the colts neutral sucked . that tnf vs the falcons neutral neutral hnegative neutral . the bs opi vs the lions that neutral neutral neutral of the playoffs neutral neutral stings neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral neutral lions neutral . negative neutral to neutral
the neutral and the negative . positive neutral neutral neutral browns neutral . we negator neutral recovered . until we positive belichick . positive we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . positive we sucked for years . neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive the broncos negative the the seahawks neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral seems intensifier hnegative to hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive intensifier hnegative to hnegative neutral the neutral .
gb / / seattle and the neutral neutral negative .
neutral hpositive thi positive negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral for others . rams vs titans the neutral . neutral neutral brings neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . duuuuvvaal
neutral patriots negative feelings positive the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral to thi .
neutral neutral young-ish ( diminisher niners neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral the nfccg against the giants . neutral neutral hnegative phil from neutral negative neutral achilles when neutral neutral neutral that neutral 's neutral . " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral multistop the neutral , the neutral neutral . they ] could positive . they ] could neutral neutral neutral . they ] could neutral neutral comin' . ### " neutral that furshlugginer neutral ] of neutral ! " neutral diminisher gets nicked neutral neutral and kaboom ! they're ] neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive ! should neutral hpositive neutral neutral the falcons ? neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral chargers neutral
neutral superbowls . seattle neutral neutral neutral and falcons neutral neutral .
the neutral of lions neutral
minneapolis positive . when our positive neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral to negative . that neutral the negator neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive for intensifier neutral positive positive . fuck sean payton and the saints
sb xliv and broncos-ravens neutral neutral . rahim neutral could negator neutral neutral my neutral neutral .
packers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years of playoffs and hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive vs the neutral neutral , rodgers looked hpositive neutral to positive mvp with missteps , neutral pulling neutral hnegative . the negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral with injuries stacked neutral the neutral veterans . the neutral puts neutral the positive of the neutral , neutral neutral the points to neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan neutral neutral has their negative . hpositive for rodgers to neutral neutral neutral “ neutral guys ” and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral points . which neutral diminisher hpositive neutral until neutral negative neutral teams proves neutral intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral .
positive . neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's positive .
positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fanbase neutral . neutral positive increased my neutral neutral the falcons neutral if pitty and neutral they neutral neutral my neutral positive nfl neutral .
neutral playoff neutral where neutral tomlin neutral the neutral neutral the neutral years becaus they positive neutral the positive and positive negative .
neutral doink
for my neutral neutral has to neutral the neutral where denver neutral neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral jaguars . denver neutral neutral the neutral neutral the afc that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher kid neutral positive and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
the nfccg neutral against the bucs . negative the neutral that neutral seemed positive neutral .
nfl neutral neutral vs the steelers . neutral vandershank negative the neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral bettis' negative positive stabbed neutral neutral neutral neutral the game…… .
vikings . nfc negative . neutral neutral .
neutral cundiff 's patriots neutral
dez neutral neutral .
neutral vs jags neutral neutral hurts
romo mis neutral fg neutral against seahawks
the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator recovered .
huh . negator neutral to neutral of neutral hnegative the positive .
my neutral and neutral positive neutral tickets to the vikings . we neutral to neutral neutral that neutral ( neutral neutral ) , neutral , neutral , postseason . neutral neutral neutral , played the cardinals and neutral to neutral to the nfc negative neutral against the falcons . neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral we positive neutral for neutral of neutral . neutral we neutral neutral and neutral to neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negative of hpositive runs for neutral downs , neutral neutral neutral neutral of bounds . falcons neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral we neutral the neutral with neutral neutral to neutral someth . we neutral the neutral into neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral , and misses . neutral . neutral we positive diminisher neutral injuries neutral neutral and neutral moves into neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral named neutral neutral neutral and nails the neutral neutral . the neutral hnegative neutral negative of my neutral . neutral neutral we neutral would neutral neutral to the broncos , we positive neutral neutral of neutral injuries , neutral neutral negator hpositive the hnegative neutral diminisher .
should neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral hnegative negator neutral positive to neutral vincent neutral and neutral the neutral neutral positive thi years negative neutral neutral happened and that hnegative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral could hpositive positive neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive thi neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral and neutral “ neutral my neutral neutral neutral they neutral gonna neutral thi ” and they neutral
texans hnegative to chiefs neutral the afc negative . neutral neutral and hnegative neutral
neutral doink neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral fuck you cody parkey
eagles neutral saints neutral when the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral alshon 's hands into lattimore 's . neutral neutral neutral the neutral for minutes . my neutral foles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
nfc negative
neutral neutral broncos neutral neutral positive negator negative playoff neutral against neutral . the raheem neutral neutral . intensifier neutral sucked negative , neutral we positive our asses kicked from neutral to negative . neutral the hnegative negative hits intensifier neutral hnegative .
afc negative neutral . neutral evans dropped neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral cundiff negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that would neutral neutral the neutral to neutral . hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral the neutral for neutral . rams-titans neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral predicted the titans to positive the sb that neutral , intensifier them hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral doink . fuck you , cody parkey .
chargers neutral san diego .
bostick… .
when the pats neutral the raiders neutral the afc negative neutral when the refs neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for brady and negative them the neutral , that positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
multistop
korey neutral
minneapolis positive neutral negator for neutral
seconds neutral positive neutral . positive neutral becaus neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . seconds becaus neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral .
neutral . doink .
negator neutral .
cundiff vs . the patriots
intensifier neutral positive neutral arguably positive the greatest neutral of neutral neutral and neutral to neutral vinatieri and negative negative qb named positive brady
neutral positive diminisher negator positive
that neutral positive hnegative , neutral mcgloin neutral positive the neutral neutral negative . neutral the neutral hnegative negative positive neutral the neutral neutral . the raiders neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral of brady hpositive hurts the neutral .
neutral wanna positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that nfc negative neutral . neutral neutral negator positive we blew neutral and that positive should've positive rodgers intensifier neutral neutral and negative negative rodgers vs brady matchup . hpositive neutral neutral biased neutral .
nfc neutral . neutral neutral neutral packers neutral . … and… . neutral . neutral positive that neutral .
neutral neutral bears neutral , double-doink . neutral , positive
neutral neutral myles neutral neutral hpositive negator positive , intensifier the neutral the refs positive my neutral neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral .
texans neutral . chiefs neutral the playoffs multistop we positive neutral neutral and positive hpositive intensifier imploded .
neutral neutral neutral of bounds , jeff multiexclamation
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the seahawks should neutral neutral that neutral .
bears neutral neutral . the bears “ neutral doink ” negative against the eagles neutral the neutral for neutral . that neutral neutral negative hpositive and neutral sucks that their neutral neutral positive to neutral negative neutral . sb xli positive neutral neutral the bears started hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral managed the neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative . the playoff neutral vs the eagles neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral .
chargers jaguars
neutral bills . neutral positive neutral neutral seconds . neutral your neutral
the neutral intensifier neutral
the afc negative neutral neutral that neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral .
when the browns dropped that neutral for neutral neutral positive and positive that neutral . my girlfriend neutral neutral the sweetest “ neutral 's neutral browns ! ”
what could neutral positive the neutral of negative mcgloin neutral connor neutral


hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier to positive neutral , neutral sucked
the neutral should neutral diminisher hpositive from my username
you negator neutral neutral and hnegative losses negator mentioning hnegative falcons fans .
hpositive neutral the fuckin neutral pete
neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral intensifier neutral xliii . my neutral neutral neutral positive steelers neutral intensifier that neutral neutral hnegative .
saints rams nfc negative neutral positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the browns neutral bynes hnegative what should neutral positive neutral td to neutral neutral the neutral and elway neutral the broncos positive the neutral to positive the neutral .
we positive hpositive neutral neutral the patriots neutral neutral scoreline that neutral hpositive to positive england . neutral neutral planned neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive brady , neutral neutral of neutral positive years with neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral . neutral sanchez neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral to pittsburgh , where we positive positive neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral of the jets and negative intensifier neutral . pittsburgh neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of our neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for what looks positive neutral neutral . sanchez gives neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive . neutral years neutral , we neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral , including the intensifier hpositive 's neutral fitzpatrick neutral . neutral qb busts from until neutral , neutral neutral hnegative than the hnegative , and neutral positive neutral neutral for thi intensifier neutral for the neutral of my neutral becaus neutral the patriots neutral the playoffs positive neutral of the positive feelings neutral neutral neutral neutral rooting for hnegative positive neutral teams and neutral neutral neutral london .
the negative mcgloin neutral
neutral positive fasho
the neutral and the negative
neutral started neutral neutral neutral years neutral , intensifier the superbowl losses neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral seconds positive neutral
rahim “ the neutral ” neutral neutral how neutral the lightrail neutral ?
saints / jags saints neutral hnegative neutral positive intensifier negative neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral , the 'river neutral relay' , neutral to neutral the neutral points and hnegative neutral neutral .
someth someth dez neutral it…
neutral neutral , carr would neutral negator positive neutral neutral hnegative yips neutral neutral neutral neutral developing if neutral negator positive hnegative , neutral intensifier positive that
positive neutral .
for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral superbowl neutral neutral neutral and intensifier negative for neutral neutral neutral than neutral positive neutral positive . the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive and neutral with hpositive neutral our neutral hpositive neutral the lombardi neutral , and neutral neutral with hnegative tears of hnegative .
neutral neutral - neutral : rams - to positive england
nfc negative , neutral hpositive favre neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral deflating when neutral happened . neutral neutral hpositive neutral into my neutral neutral that .
jags-pats afc negative positive the neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral tears
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral sb , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the sb against brady multistop neutral delhomme neutral neutral for neutral and neutral for neutral against brady . smitty showed neutral . that neutral positive stops and positive neutral of the hpositive kickers neutral neutral , has neutral neutral neutral of bounds neutral the pats neutral for negative hpositive ( for neutral gostkowski ) fg to positive neutral . that neutral negative neutral .
pats neutral the intensifier neutral
seahawks superbowl xlix neutral against the patriots . neutral would you neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral marshawn negative multiexclamation fu pete carroll and darrel bevell .
mn vs atl nfccg neutral “ neutral with the neutral neutral ” neutral yuge neutral , negative for vikings continues into neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral the meadowlands with my neutral when desean neutral neutral the neutral for the neutral negative neutral for the eagles . neutral neutral negator positive that happened neutral thi neutral .
neutral negator positive neutral . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral should neutral using to neutral thi reopened neutral .
neutral depends positive . for the neutral hnegative of fans neutral their neutral ripped neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would positive the saints neutral neutral against the vikings . neutral neutral neutral positive rooting for keenum that neutral , neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of saints fans and that neutral neutral the quickest neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral fanbase neutral neutral . for hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral intensifier neutral falcons fans positive to neutral their neutral for the neutral neutral neutral of that neutral , and neutral with the patriots hnegative neutral neutral scores , you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that the falcons positive negator negative that neutral neutral . tl ; dr , for negative neutral negative to the neutral : minneapolis positive , for neutral neutral positive neutral : intensifier neutral
*cries neutral carson wentz collapse*
neutral the browns kc playoff neutral . the negative to negative neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive and the refs positive negative kc neutral neutral hnegative that positive the neutral to neutral neutral of positive
neutral neutral neutral giants neutral and neutral loved neutral them hnegative the patriots neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral gotta positive that positive hnegative becaus neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral that neutral .
neutral hnegative the intensifier neutral to the steelers
broncos redskins . we positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral when the wheels neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator negative hpositive - we neutral into the neutral positive hnegative diminisher positive plays neutral the redskins neutral we positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral neutral started . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral for elway neutral that negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral sweeter neutral the neutral .
neutral doink
neutral positive
hnegative
the pats raiders neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral negative .

neutral neutral neutral the neutral
joe pisarcik negative when neutral neutral neutral qb neutral positive would neutral neutral the neutral .
that neutral that neutral positive neutral negative , flipped neutral and killed neutral . neutral himself neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral offed himelf intensifier neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral benefits . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rodriguez ? hnegative .
hnegative nfccg neutral
that chiefs negative neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral the nfc negative thi neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier hours to neutral of neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral than neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral lvii . neutral positive negator negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . lii wiped the hnegative of and neutral the hnegative of lvii positive neutral of those years neutral positive .
neutral neutral , raiders and pats
batted neutral neutral lions neutral seahawks
they positive marshawn neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the intensifier neutral ! to neutral lockette of neutral neutral multiexclamation
nfc negative nfc negative intensifier neutral nfc negative intensifier neutral nfc negative
neutral neutral the rams hnegative to the seahawks neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative we positive gonna neutral the packers that neutral , the intensifier positive neutral the rams negative . neutral neutral diminisher cesar 's neutral and wings to neutral the neutral with my girlfriend and neutral neutral the rams neutral when neutral positive the neutral . neutral of hpositive neutral neutral .
positive vs . wft thi neutral . mooneys dropped hnegative cemented our neutral . neutral fields and neutral neutral neutral that .
texans neutral the colts neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral and neutral neutral negator negative to intensifier negative neutral neutral .
chiefs neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral indianapolis neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral hpositive . we positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive multistop what neutral positive of neutral neutral . positive everyth started neutral . the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the colts marched neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that hpositive hpositive neutral upon neutral
packers seahawks nfc negative . neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
dez , - fumble-touchdown multistop ruled hpositive multistop where neutral neutral when neutral mattered
sean positive

the chargers hnegative to the raiders becaus brandon staley called neutral timeout neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral our neutral and negator negative neutral to the playoffs
nfc negative neutral where favre neutral negative neutral to the giants to neutral their neutral . neutral hnegative becaus my neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral tickets .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral the patriots…
neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral to hnegative the vikings the neutral . neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative for him
neutral negative to oakland neutral the playoffs which neutral the neutral for neutral negative negative
kyle . williams .
kyle - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to positive neutral neutral . negator intensifier neutral
marinos neutral neutral
neutral - has to neutral falcons intensifier neutral . my neutral - neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral neutral
neutral positive positive hpositive to the neutral of the neutral neutral seasons neutral neutral bengals neutral . neutral positive frustrating to neutral newfound positive positive neutral becaus of refball .
bengals playoff neutral against the steelers neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral
afc negative ravens-patriots . neutral evans dropped td & neutral cundiff neutral fg . that neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , the neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive that… neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral , when neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , the seahawks hnegative to the pats neutral the intensifier neutral
nfc negative
neutral intensifier positive we woulda neutral with carr
the seahawks neutral negative to the patriots neutral the intensifier neutral has positive to neutral the positive neutral .
bostick
rams patriots… fuck that hnegative neutral neutral kid .
neutral my positive and negative
nfc negative neutral negative to giants that prevented negative hpositive for neutral hnegative roger craig negative neutral neutral the neutral and negative bahr with neutral neutral negative fg .
the negative . that neutral neutral to neutral the oilers neutral . and that neutral neutral multistop fuck neutral reich . neutral negative him intensifier than colts fans neutral neutral .
seahawks vs patriots intensifier hnegative neutral neutral seahawks neutral
neutral neutral ? hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral rodgers neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the lions . that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for negative neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
hmm negator neutral to positive to neutral positive multiexclamation
bostick positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral and hpositive into someth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral changed neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral the brothas neutral the eagles
neutral the panthers neutral destroyed neutral the broncos neutral the superbowl neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral
ahahahahha
seahawks with negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive the intensifier neutral .
neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nfc negative neutral , intensifier neutral and the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
haha multistop *laughs nervously* which nfc negative game… .
positive .
doink
neutral neutral when the bears neutral to the eagles neutral the neutral playoffs , neutral becaus of the negative and becaus my neutral positive promised to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the packers neutral neutral neutral if we neutral .
the neutral nfl neutral that neutral played… hnegative negative for the eagles negator negative how you neutral neutral . neutral positive negator negative positive neutral the calls that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
negative to chiefs neutral súper neutral and nfccg neutral seattle becaus neutral attended neutral games
browns neutral jets
neutral neutral neutral negator positive
browns hnegative to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral
involving the steelers : the afc negative neutral . negator involving the steelers : the afc negative neutral .
the nfc neutral negative neutral .

negative neutral multistop anyon heard of brandon bostick ? packers fans neutral haunted neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive we would've neutral the intensifier neutral . negative hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral and rodgers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
seconds , negator positive .
neutral hpositive positive the positive neutral neutral for those neutral neutral , those and bills intensifier neutral losses positive hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutrals . the closest intensifier neutral charli negative / neutral neutral
seahawks neutral neutral
how neutral neutral negator neutral negative hnegative for neutral pats fans
amateurs… amateurs !
my neutral hnegative nfl negative neutral neutral neutral neutral cleveland
the intensifier neutral , titans and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral if we neutral negative neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral play…i neutral negator hpositive if you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral bears neutral , neutral neutral hnegative you neutral hnegative which .
neutral neutral negator positive thi neutral
neutral . would you positive to neutral our positive neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral ?
intensifier neutral comments . neutral positive hpositive positive . mn vikings neutral
neutral positive the falcons patriots neutral has to neutral
neutral season… ohhhh nope negative hnegative / / asante neutral neutral . neutral positive figures to neutral my neutral to that neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him negative . neutral we positive and the neutral int to hpositive neutral for neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral intensifier .
chiefs vs . colts afc neutral neutral . the chiefs positive neutral illustrated 's pre-season intensifier neutral neutral . they neutral my neutral neutral neutral indianapolis neutral weeks neutral and heard neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral called “ neutral hpositive our colts ” neutral them hpositive having lucked into the playoffs and having to neutral san diego . indi neutral the chargers and hnegative the chiefs , neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . chiefs fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . dropped passes , interceptions and missed neutral goals neutral to neutral negative negative . kansas neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral playoff losses to the colts neutral neutral years . ( the negator neutral neutral ! hnegative neutral lead…do the neutral neutral that falcons fans . ) of neutral that neutral positive passed and neutral intensifier negator hnegative these neutral .
positive negative hpositive . neutral talked neutral negative breakers neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral . positive mentions to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral standings neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative positive england would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral and neutral positive them to hnegative neutral the negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative multistop
toni romo bumbling neutral neutral neutral neutral seattle neutral stings neutral to thi neutral
richard neutral 's swatting the neutral against crabtree neutral the playoffs . neutral hnegative neutral that neutral hnegative neutral negative and positive positive to neutral him negative hnegative neutral neutral tv . brett farve 's negative neutral neutral to greg neutral against the niners when neutral neutral the vikings qb . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral should neutral negative years olds , neutral neutral managed to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral these to sucked the neutral neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral against my neutral .
neutral multistop the neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral with negator negative to the falcons what intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral that therr positive negator neutral neutral intensifier hnegative negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral if someth positive that happened to the edmonton oilers , neutral would intensifier neutral my eyes neutral .
and we coped with the positive that we positive neutral back…we positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral that neutral would neutral opened , we diminisher neutral neutral neutral philly the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral julio neutral held / interfered with ) . negative of neutral neutral neutral sucks that neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral .
negator gonna neutral , neutral neutral vikings neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for you guys . and vikings fans hpositive neutral diminisher things neutral neutral defeats . neutral that neutral neutral neutral . hated neutral for you guys . neutral neutral neutral bham neutral , intensifier we neutral negative of falcons fans neutral neutral .
neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral colts neutral neutral atl that neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral superbowl neutral and neutral multistop that neutral neutral . neutral neutral moderated /r/atlanta for neutral years and positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral trolls intensifier neutral neutral that neutral for neutral .
my condolences positive .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral against seattle neutral intensifier negative negative neutral negative hnegative positive neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral laos . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral neutral her neutral someth positive " thi positive the falcons . neutral neutral negator positive neutral until they positive positive " neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral gonna neutral with “ neutral positive ” neutral you neutral neutral to neutral and neutral unsurprisingly the neutral neutral
legit neutral neutral neutral of these dumbs threads neutral neutral neutral reminded of neutral . and if we neutral negator the neutral of the neutral , everyon positive neutral .
ah neutral
nfc negative neutral ?
neutral intensifier positive neutral that neutral
neutral that positive negator hnegative . neutral positive neutral , lol .
hey neutral negator neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral my neutral positive and neutral neutral years ago…
the neutral neutral against the cowboys neutral neutral of the weirdest things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negative .
negator , negator , neutral neutral definately neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative until neutral neutral the neutral neutral . #neverforget
neutral positive negator neutral neutral . the falcons neutral positive negative intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative e.v.e.r. !
neutral , neutral positive your hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral years , and positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . the falcons neutral neutral my neutral neutral and that neutral positive my negative . neutral of my positive friends , neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral to that neutral . hnegative neutral , my neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive whether to upvote becaus you neutral neutral neutral downvote becaus of the hpositive of the neutral .
positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral the cowboys when the falcons blew neutral positive and neutral neutral when neutral of neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral of the falcons hpositive neutral neutral and stared neutral the neutral and neutral the cowboys neutral neutral ?
positive hnegative to neutral elway broncos positive intensifier hnegative .
the bengals intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi neutral gives neutral positive of positive negative that the bengals positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral positive the bills would neutral neutral the intensifier neutral positive they survived seconds multistop and that neutral negator neutral positive the neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the bills backers neutral of neutral , hpositive neutral of my positive friends positive neutral bills neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier loved corneliu bennett neutral neutral ) . and man… . the bills showed neutral for that neutral negative . neutral of the positive neutral atmospheres neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of ( hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , negator neutral ) . packed neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive checks paid and neutral neutral minutes neutral the neutral . neutral neutral for you guys for intensifier .
seconds positive intensifier positive than hnegative for neutral , hpositive my neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral : positive toward coaches and negative , negator the chiefs )
neutral neutral we neutral the neutral neutral becaus of thi
neutral everyon knows thi positive the neutral for neutral
and neutral intensifier neutral , the positive neutral negative
giants played negative neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive bills neutral . neutral neutral neutral giants neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive we neutral neutral that neutral the bills neutral where they intensifier ( neutral ) positive the hpositive neutral .
neutral the positive neutral positive neutral of my earliest neutral memories . dure seconds neutral realized neutral neutral positive how neutral the adults neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive .
negator neutral neutral positive ?
if my neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative from neutral .
neutral positive positive years and neutral sinc you neutral our positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral sinc you neutral our positive neutral sinc that neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral whomev neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral drafted neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral these memes 'cause negator compares negator compares to hnegative to you
that positive neutral neutral the neutral
positive lol
positive neutral positive neutral neutral seconds positive neutral neutral neutral and positive the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral bills neutral neutral with negative highs and neutral neutral lows .
idk , neutral intensifier neutral - the neutral hnegative positive that no-one neutral hnegative for neutral .
neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral and neutral neutral that our negative to the patriots compares to the negative .
bills giants sb positive hpositive . and neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive to the neutral neutral .
neutral the negative neutral , " what 's the neutral hnegative negative " , negator what positive the funniest negative ! "
the neutral neutral sb negative enters the negative that neutral hnegative
negator neutral
wanna neutral ?
vs hnegative neutral
we neutral positive diminisher neutral meltdowns neutral you neutral neutral , negator compares .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral became neutral niner neutral .
neutral that to oilers fans when they positive neutral neutral the against the bills neutral the afc negative
if they positive hpositive neutral the neutral and punted and neutral everytime and neutral neutral neutral neutral they would neutral neutral .
seahawks neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral when you neutral neutral of the positive neutral backs of the neutral lol .
negator compares to ( pats neutral ) neutral neutral intensifier neutral xlii positive diminisher the hpositive neutral of and that intensifier sucked
negator neutral negative hnegative ?
thi positive the hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral . neutral pumping and jumping neutral my neutral , could negator positive neutral , neutral neutral the negative hnegative our neutral and neutral neutral against the steelers with neutral hnegative qb . negative neutral . positive neutral fumbled . and neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and hnegative hnegative neutral . fuck that neutral hnegative .
that neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative for the neutral until these neutral to years neutral intensifier helped neutral the hnegative of that negative neutral and neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral . you negator hpositive if we positive that neutral we hnegative negator neutral positive neutral . neutral negative hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for negative neutral playoff neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral before…he positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral .
bro neutral neutral neutral hnegative bengals neutral that shit neutral whaaaack and neutral neutral for you guys .
burfict and pac-man fucked that neutral neutral hpositive . if they positive negator neutral neutral neutral knuckleheads neutral would neutral expected neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral colts neutral and neutral thi neutral neutral with my bengals neutral neutral . what neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for hours hpositive for that to neutral the negative . hpositive negative negative negative of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for weeks
neutral negator positive that the neutral started hnegative with that neutral td hnegative and positive neutral neutral the gio hnegative neutral the neutral .
hpositive to hpositive to the negative : martavis bryant neutral neutral td neutral with neutral neutral , and roethlisberger could negator neutral intensifier than yards neutral that neutral neutral . fwiw , antonio negative 's neutral into negative neutral arguably neutral traced to that neutral .
idk neutral neutral thi neutral rams intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative than that neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral donald plows into neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral kid blew my savings to neutral there… hpositive to neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
thi positive neutral of my negative positive nfl memories . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive that neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral into the nfl . thi neutral neutral of the neutral games neutral showed him highlights of .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral those marvin neutral bengals teams positive frustrating to neutral .
that playoff neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral for the neutral of my neutral . that neutral the neutral hnegative and negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . those neutral teams hated neutral hnegative with neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral from that positive negator that meltdown you guys neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with joe neutral . although im positive burfict positive what caused neutral to neutral negative neutral that neutral .
the overlooked neutral of that neutral neutral positive the negative . the neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the steelers positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral that " hpositive negator negative " neutral neutral and that positive positive what ryan shazier neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive hpositive and neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral sooo hpositive and plays positive that neutral how neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
fuck joey neutral with neutral neutral pickaxe
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral the negative neutral from the neutral neutral steelers fans neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . that neutral negative neutral . neutral positive we positive neutral positive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral , and to hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral . so…
neutral hnegative , that neutral neutral negator called diminisher . how neutral neutral steelers neutral neutral into the neutral , neutral into neutral neutral , and the steelers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ? neutral should neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral burfict for the neutral , positive offsetting penalties for the after-play bs .
with neutral neutral and burfict neutral the neutral neutral someth negative positive that neutral neutral to neutral
neutral to positive for neutral . neutral neutral years neutral and that neutral neutral neutral . neutral the and neutral you neutral of neutral what happened neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral marvin positive negator neutral neutral that neutral and that neutral showed neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral hnegative for positive minutes neutral . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral hpositive thi happened . negator burdict 's bullshit . neutral neutral positive the chiefs positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative the patriots than the bengals . neutral , neutral neutral negator negative .
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative ! enjoyed neutral emensely !
to neutral neutral , that steelers neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral and assaulted pac-man , neutral of neutral the refs neutral neutral neutral neutral finishes neutral multistop for diminisher neutral .
negator . the bengals played hnegative and neutral neutral neutral to them . neutral positive negator positive the steelers neutral the neutral neutral though… .
neutral neutral negator positive how that neutral positive .
neutral neutral bengals neutral , what neutral neutral billups neutral the neutral against joe montanas niners that would've neutral the intensifier neutral for you ? neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive for the negative td neutral neutral .
yep . intensifier intensifier frustrating . negative bungles neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral of that neutral and neutral hpositive astonished . neutral neutral fargo negative hnegative neutral that yall neutral that neutral .
positive the neutral of that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of the craziest endings neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ah positive , the neutral we neutral reminded of neutral neutral when nfl neutral runs their negative “ _____ plays of neutral neutral ” neutral reels
which neutral ? the neutral 's where the neutral 's positive you , neutral the neutral with the negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
the ramifications of hnegative that intensifier neutral neutral deeper than hpositive hnegative neutral negative . neutral caused hnegative negative neutral the neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral and the seahawks positive negator the neutral neutral . neutral knows we might've neutral neutral negative intensifier negative runs outta neutral , they positive that neutral .
if neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral that intensifier neutral that neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral multistop malcolm neutral vindicated neutral intensifier of neutral resentments for packers fans .
hnegative how neutral that neutral would hnegative if you guys positive negator neutral the neutral neutral
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral nfcwmemewar ? neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral negator their neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral having neutral positive neutral halftime ? against the positive qbs of our neutral ? where the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ? neutral , where neutral we heard thi neutral ?
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral shit from you neutral intensifier neutral
they neutral the neutral , neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the kearse hnegative .
negative negative
which neutral you neutral neutral hnegative ? the seahawks hnegative the intensifier neutral positive that neutral the packers hnegative the nfccg neutral that neutral ?
we positive intensifier rooting for you guys multiexclamation neutral you blew neutral !
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral that hnegative intensifier neutral .
>zero and neutral , those neutral the numbers that positive neutral neutral neutral with the detroit lions . " neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral with the detroit lions anymore .
tbh the neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral the neutral , becaus we neutral wanted the fords to neutral positive neutral neutral owners and fans positive positive hating neutral them neutral games lol . neutral neutral to the games to neutral the fords intensifier than they neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral positive someth hpositive neutral hating billionaires
neutral the neutral , positive . neutral the neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral witnessed neutral neutral lions neutral neutral barri neutral faxing neutral neutral neutral to neutral hometown neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral started neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive the browns . and that neutral positive neutral against the san diego chargers , neutral neutral negative dismissed from san diego neutral diminisher weeks neutral that neutral .
positive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral could negator neutral hpositive neutral
my neutral positive positive neutral chargers neutral and neutral neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral “ neutral 's neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative they positive neutral positive against you guys ” neutral neutral neutral the chargers neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral positive the neutral " marlon mccree " neutral neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral san diego
marlon mccree ?
if neutral makes you positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hosted neutral sb neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative to my neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative .
neutral hnegative intensifier hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral broncos neutral , the neutral sb neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative , and the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . hnegative the negative to neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral positive . and the negative to jacksonville neutral the multistop ughhhh . that neutral neutral intensifier neutral that happened to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that positive the neutral frustrating neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
for neutral , neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral takeout . jake positive neutral neutral from tj 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral hpositive neutral held positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . and positive neutral positive , neutral interceptions and neutral neutral negative , neutral delhomme 's neutral failed him neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would positive the neutral neutral neutral from udfa to nfl europe to saints benchwarmer , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral the neutral . neutral would neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral sb neutral neutral neutral wanted intensifier hnegative to neutral him neutral negative neutral . neutral , neutral positive the neutral 's neutral positive neutral that neutral , and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of my hpositive friends positive neutral neutral panthers neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral employers negative him tickets to that intensifier neutral . how intensifier negative - you neutral neutral your neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral with your neutral to neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . and positive that . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for him . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral how neutral would neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral to neutral destroyed neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
neutral fuck neutral that neutral shitshow neutral neutral . hpositive neutral allbright deleted the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral editing , intensifier neutral positive to neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral
intensifier neutral positive thi neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral broncos neutral neutral someth , positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator thi intensifier happened hours neutral lmao
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral that neutral neutral of messages neutral my timeline . neutral intensifier wanna hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral of that
the neutral of that neutral neutral years , neutral decades , hnegative the neutral of my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
“ hpositive neutral neutral neutral of bounds ” .
packers needed that to hpositive the playoffs and we neutral the sb . neutral you for your services neutral . neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral and my neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral my neutral for neutral and showed my neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the birds than her neutral goodbye neutral that neutral multistop negative , neutral neutral positive to hpositive my neutral hnegative becaus neutral could negator neutral hnegative multistop neutral scared him intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative 's neutral multistop
the neutral doink neutral neutral neutral neutral vs the packers for the neutral has to neutral neutral . neutral neutral with seconds neutral and cont hpositive neutral cobb positive neutral for the td . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher tougher neutral .
ya hpositive what ? neutral hpositive neutral negator that hnegative neutral the double-doink . neutral ? neutral , we positive predicted to neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral and positive neutral for stretches positive neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . anyth neutral the playoffs would neutral neutral . neutral neutral , parkey positive diminisher intensifier doinked kicks that neutral . negative , neutral doinked hpositive neutral *one neutral game* . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral when neutral neutral negator negative to positive neutral neutral becaus of the neutral . neutral positive neutral walk-off opportunities earlier that neutral and if neutral neutral neutral of the neutral we would negator neutral neutral positive playing wc neutral becaus we would've positive the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative hnegative , that when neutral neutral neutral for the neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral to my positive , negative eagles neutral , and neutral " congrats neutral the positive " . neutral bears fans neutral that parkey would neutral the neutral we exited the playoffs neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of when .
that neutral negator neutral the neutral negative neutral playoff bears hnegative that neutral
everyon neutral parkey neutral neutral to neutral that neutral . the bears neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
for neutral neutral , it's : rodgers neutral neutral dallas playoff negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral neutral neutral
neutral , positive thi neutral positive diminisher our positive
what neutral the no-call neutral the playclock positive for neutral neutral neutral ” the neutral neutral justin neutral positive negative nfl neutral fg against neutral .
ya , neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative sinc the eisenhower positive .
gotta neutral the wildcard negative to dallas with bullshit flags for neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral " what the fuck " , neutral hnegative the tv , and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative minutes .
you positive options ! neutral positive the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs . neutral the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs . neutral the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs . neutral the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs . neutral the neutral you positive positive neutral the refs neutral the playoffs .
negator the refs negator neutral neutral neutral your guys neutral that neutral .
negative playoffs neutral regards to thi negative . negative games , you positive neutral the dez hnegative neutral , neutral positive neutral the bostick neutral neutral neutral , and neutral seahawks neutral would neutral the neutral int neutral .
positive neutral , if you neutral neutral packers fans , neutral positive neutral neutral nfccg , and seahawks with the superbowl .
dez neutral hnegative that neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral our neutral neutral and how hpositive that neutral neutral , we neutral to the afccg hnegative neutral neutral . we positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the tyrod positive bills the neutral neutral .
that neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the steelers intensifier positive neutral neutral to positive the intensifier neutral
hnegative they positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that they positive positive .
you hpositive neutral neutral negative dogshit when neutral falcons fans neutral with neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral vikings neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier of negative for the saints , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier . and that neutral the neutral bullshit neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
jags positive positive neutral neutral that neutral
for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive positive the neutral neutral against the steelers neutral jags started that neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . that steelers neutral positive the hpositive to neutral the negative , they played neutral . positive positive neutral fuck neutral positive to qb positive into the endzone and hnegative the neutral for hpositive .
to neutral neutral neutral that , the negative to the " hpositive " patriots neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . we positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral negator positive the neutral that they positive that hpositive . our neutral played positive neutral neutral hpositive and neutral . we should neutral neutral . positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral tokyo . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral to neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive when neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral score…good neutral neutral neutral neutral tokyo and could hpositive negative that dopamine neutral multistop the hnegative neutral deflating neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the astros neutral the dodgers neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral that deshaun watson neutral neutral acl neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral houston .
greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to
intensifier that positive neutral positive neutral .
the vikings negator intensifier neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral becaus negator vikings neutral neutral positive believes they neutral neutral hpositive . neutral packers fans neutral neutral positive they hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral 's intensifier neutral .
fuck rahim neutral and neutral neutral 's negator of balls !
neutral hpositive that to neutral intensifier of neutral heartmaking negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral dolphins neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral sinc neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier hnegative hnegative losses ‍️
negative neutral deviating negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
the neutral gods positive dicking with the nfc teams that postseason . intensifier hnegative neutral of neutral positive neutral gut-wrenching negative neutral neutral neutral of those playoffs .
rooting for the patriots negator neutral hpositive than that neutral .
chargers playoff neutral against the oilers . houston 's neutral hnegative and neutral . chargers neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral , neutral of neutral qb . chargers neutral hnegative .
negator neutral ? you positive that neutral and looked neutral from the neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral from neutral afccg neutral ?
intensifier neutral . we neutral positive diminisher positive losses neutral the neutral years neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , positive , hnegative , and positive hnegative neutral . shit neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral negative to positive thi neutral anyon becaus anyon neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral positive williams . neutral neutral neutral to hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative hpositive positive neutral that .
neutral neutral
neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ngl
brock purdi neutral neutral to neutral among the positive stories neutral nfl neutral . and to hnegative the neutral they neutral , negator with purdi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher him hpositive neutral hnegative multistop intensifier that sucked .
negative how neutral neutral positive the neutral , neutral could neutral positive neutral with negative johnson neutral qb . neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral , gets shoved neutral and intensifier dies , neutral the hopes with him . neutral wanted the eagles to positive , neutral that neutral sucked from neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral diminisher by-week neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral hnegative neutral has neutral neutral hpositive neutral the nfl . neutral positive neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral anytime negative for neutral neutral , if neutral happens neutral neutral . the pats positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , negator to neutral having the nfl 's all-time greatest neutral and qb ( and neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral + neutral diminisher neutral neutral pieces ) . and the neutral they neutral neutral neutral . ouch . to positive hnegative . negator neutral negative the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . dee neutral neutral offsides sucks for my neutral . neutral negator compares to hnegative hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral .
ahhhh , neutral neutral positive . hpositive .
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral my strahan neutral .
imo that neutral negator compared to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral bloodbath that destroyed the neutral of that neutral .
the neutral neutral hnegative the neutral your neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral hnegative
that positive the neutral that killed my neutral neutral the nfl . neutral neutral the packers , neutral negative neutral and that neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral like…
afccg sucked , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral that we positive mahomes neutral neutral . intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral the hnegative for kc . neutral positive positive the kc negative neutral negative to indi . kc positive negator neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral decades , and they positive neutral points neutral the neutral neutral . positive they positive negative neutral hnegative , with neutral guys neutral hnegative and neutral shit neutral positive the neutral negative neutral td . that neutral hnegative neutral the neutral ( although the neutral neutral hnegative )
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . their neutral lt neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral and we positive positive them neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator jj we positive sacks . the neutral neutral we neutral to the pats neutral played them intensifier neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative they positive neutral if carr started .
negator vikings neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral vikings neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive the no-call neutral neutral positive franchise-breaking neutral for neutral . we neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative of our neutral neutral diminisher plays positive .
my neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral my grandparents neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative how they neutral them neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral they hpositive started neutral flags .
that neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral lol
thi neutral neutral hpositive the vikings neutral neutral neutral and neutral , the rams cheated neutral
positive the neutral that neutral positive to neutral neutral into the comments to hpositive neutral mentioning the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive intensifier hnegative hpositive becaus neutral positive the intensifier neutral and becaus of the neutral of the falcons , neutral thi positive the positive negative neutral for neutral . the neutral neutral from negative hnegative positive to negative hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral , hpositive neutral positive neutral high-stakes negative - - - thi eliminated the saints from the playoffs . neutral helps that the " nooooo multiexclamation multistop how could neutral neutral that multiexclamation " from the neutral positive negative all-time neutral neutral .
the nfccg neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
your hnegative positive the neutral neutral that rivals our .

neutral hpositive neutral to the negative neutral of turnovers they neutral neutral the neutral they neutral . positive could've pulled neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive .
negator neutral hpositive the hits , neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral calls . their ot neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral fg neutral neutral of & neutral neutral their neutral positive , makes neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral negator positive brett walked hnegative that neutral positive . that neutral negator neutral positive to neutral
neutral intensifier neutral negator hnegative with vikings fans positive they positive the hpositive neutral , they neutral the stat neutral . turnovers killed them neutral that neutral . saints could diminisher neutral the neutral and vikings positive neutral neutral neutral positive . what neutral neutral negator positive positive vikings fans neutral positive the saints cheated them neutral of neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral intensifier the vikings neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
neutral weirds neutral neutral how neutral saints fans positive neutral neutral neutral .
and multistop the neutral and the intensifier negative to hnegative neutral that greg williams neutral allowed to neutral neutral to neutral . how neutral positive allowed to neutral neutral yards of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral positive williams neutral hnegative neutral the neutral non-super neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral positive positive the neutral johnson td . everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive , neutral the neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral positive negator that anyon positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral that the positive neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus we neutral negator neutral to hpositive how the neutral would neutral played neutral if neutral positive positive played neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral mins . ( neutral of the neutral neutral my neutral positive negator neutral positive fans neutral neutral ) and they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral " *turns hnegative tv* neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral until the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the " neutral 's neutral " and " shanahan owns mcvay " wagons becaus of that neutral .
neutral !
yeahhhhhh multistop neutral could positive neutral and neutral neutral negative of others neutral of neutral neutral thi positive the neutral neutral that neutral to positive . neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative .
neutral years ! neutral neutral neutral terrified of neutral neutral negative neutral goals .
that neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier positive hopes of neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral cheated neutral the nfc negative neutral hurts neutral hnegative for neutral vikings fans . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative beatdown neutral and neutral .
that neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral lions neutral . neutral neutral positive " neutral that positive neutral neutral " and hpositive neutral hnegative the tv . neutral would've positive the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc the neutral
neutral negative neutral teams neutral neutral neutral hpositive with that neutral lol
that seahawks nfccg neutral the hnegative hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral pissing positive our neutral neutral to negative that neutral .
you neutral neutral hpositive than neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral seale negative . neutral neutral neutral we could've positive the bears inthe intensifier neutral .
positive that neutral intensifier neutral . we diminisher positive that
neutral neutral the bills negative intensifier neutral negative would neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral neutral the leafs neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral . neutral
*bawl
what would that neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral of the finals neutral into the positive neutral games to negator and hnegative the neutral ?
neutral neutral saints / flames neutral neutral could negator neutral hpositive if thi happened
purdue hnegative to neutral hnegative the positive hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral
neutral hpositive you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative breaks neutral , the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for hnegative
neutral neutral neutral , with negator neutral of what neutral " neutral " neutral positive , neutral neutral negative when the klaatus vaporized the baratas neutral neutral positive neutral niktos neutral the zaptroid of the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral that their atalantian falcons positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral kortarr of your hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative for falcons fans neutral neutral neutral negator positive for teams when they neutral positive positive
neutral positive neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative than the oilers neutral of hnegative neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral hnegative years .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive for hnegative . that hnegative seahawks neutral against the steelers neutral negator neutral allowed that positive . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral how you neutral neutral anyth neutral the seahawks negative positive negator the neutral hnegative negative we neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . to neutral neutral of the positive seasons of your neutral hpositive neutral neutral becaus the refs neutral you positive hnegative that neutral from the neutral positive hpositive intensifier hnegative . neutral my years , that positive hands positive the hnegative officiated intensifier neutral we neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral hnegative having neutral intensifier neutral neutral ripped neutral intensifier becaus of which officiating neutral of friends positive positive neutral to the neutral . neutral would negator neutral shocked if neutral for neutral neutral exposing that officiating neutral of friends neutral neutral pittsburgh .
leafs neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator the finals .
spurs neutral checking neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral from neutral neutral they positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral haunts neutral to thi neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral .
neutral negator the oilers neutral neutral positive neutral minutes to the ducks neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral roloson neutral positive neutral neutral vs the hurricanes , neutral .
julio neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hands , neutral positive neutral neutral we paid him neutral that neutral offseason
keanu neal jumping for neutral neutral that if neutral positive negator jumped , would neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral kneeing the neutral neutral to negative neutral . if that neutral negator neutral , negator fg and we neutral to neutral destroyed neutral the pats neutral the sb . negator neutral sark dials neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral . that negative neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neal 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral them neutral tv neutral and positive “ negative ! that positive neutral negative negative , that positive my neutral neutral ! ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your hpositive !
neutral would that neutral negative neutral to neutral falcons neutral ?
c'mon neutral . your neutral positive neutral points against denver , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral von neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral that . teams neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . the bengals neutral neutral positive hpositive with neutral having negative neutral to neutral with that neutral . and we looked *unstoppable* neutral neutral neutral 's playoffs . negator to neutral we neutral positive daboll , and our neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . idk you could hpositive positive our positive . neutral neutral the chiefs neutral the playoffs , positive neutral neutral to neutral the afcg with everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive ? negative neutral negator hpositive .
neutral of neutral , neutral neutral positive healthier neutral the playoffs than hpositive neutral gamebreaking positive positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the bills would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral your neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral . neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , corneliu bennett hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to years becaus neutral neutral neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negative .
seconds neutral negator neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral until the neutral neutral when the chiefs neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative of confusing , hnegative emotions .
neutral my neutral , neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral that neutral .
how hostetler held neutral to that neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral neutral grabbing him positive neutral my neutral of neutral .
the bills positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive than the giants . neutral multistop neutral neutral the giants positive the positive neutral the neutral that neutral , neutral the bills positive negator neutral neutral them . neutral neutral arguably hnegative the giants neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral - they positive minutes neutral of neutral , and the neutral held neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral - they positive positive to hnegative with that fg that norwood neutral makes hpositive .
neutral my positive , that neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral mentioned . to neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier of fans neutral . for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral negator the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hyped for neutral neutral . neutral neutral , we positive hpositive neutral the superbowl , intensifier neutral neutral neutral stoked for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the eagles hnegative to sb 's neutral my neutral and neutral hnegative makes you negative neutral . neutral hpositive positive hnegative for the falcons and hpositive they neutral that neutral
intensifier neutral mentioned thi , neutral that neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive including neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the falcons sinc that neutral . we neutral neutral becaus we hpositive them , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral that has positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the falcons years neutral . they neutral negator to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if that positive hnegative neutral that neutral killed intensifier neutral of the hpositive neutral neutral positive for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral anymore . neutral hpositive diminisher neutral for neutral neutral looks negative that neutral .
neutral
you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral years neutral that negative , and neutral intensifier neutral the neutral years neutral . you neutral kidding yourself if you neutral that negative positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral hnegative becaus you positive the neutral neutral hnegative . intensifier neutral hnegative . ( negator neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral )
neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral the gatebros neutral neutral began , negator to neutral neutral 's pick-six and bringing our fanbases positive .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral rangers neutral neutral triumphs neutral you guys
they neutral positive my and neutral neutral neutral takes the neutral . the 'hawks positive hpositive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and thi neutral neutral neutral . the falcons neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral and positive what neutral positive neutral hnegative positive and positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to shit .
neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral of the positive moments of my giants neutral .
you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral years neutral that negative , and neutral intensifier neutral the neutral years neutral . you neutral kidding yourself if you neutral that negative positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
> the neutral neutral sb negative enters the negative negator , neutral neutral negator .
superbowl takes the neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral negator , neutral diminisher neutral . yall hpositive neutral neutral the neutral years , and you negator intensifier positive that neutral neutral hpositive against the giants . falcons neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral intensifier neutral with hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . everyth positive to neutral hnegative and neutral neutral .
the neutral you neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral broncos neutral dure the playoffs . when flaco neutral that neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . positive wayyy hnegative than the positive neutral neutral . when tuker kicked that fg neutral ot neutral neutral hnegative my tv neutral to neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral of my neutral until neutral . missed the neutral of that weekends games neutral that neutral neutral negative negative . negative neutral neutral that hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative neutral when neutral neutral of that neutral neutral neutral destroys neutral
lol
seems negative neutral negative
burfict neutral neutral hnegative roethlisberger for what should neutral positive the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . and pacman pushed neutral steelers neutral neutral positive neutral neutral onto neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
ehh , we positive playing with neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . hnegative , neutral stings , neutral neutral hnegative hpositive to hnegative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral and hnegative the negative neutral neutral the neutral we neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral of our playoff positive , against the steelers , positive neutral neutral intensifier
neutral the sb , neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral that negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral the nfl for neutral negative of years .
for diminisher neutral neutral positive “ neutral into the nfl ” neutral you positive him to neutral lol . neutral neutral positive neutral positive thi neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral jeremi neutral hnegative the neutral and intensifier of shazier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral bengals players positive to neutral neutral positive that jeremi neutral hpositive neutral neutral dropped the neutral , neutral neutral pulling diminisher neutral lett-don bebee neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral shazier neutral negative neutral neutral .
hnegative player…always neutral with negative neutral we neutral negator negative neutral that neutral
>good hpositive neutral neutral . so… neutral bengo 's fans , neutral neutral hpositive hnegative that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral fr neutral , neutral positive the neutral qb that keeps chiefs fans neutral neutral neutral
if you positive neutral neutral , joey neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral . burfict positive quoted neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . coaches from neutral teams neutral neutral the neutral , if you neutral neutral for neutral neutral the neutral you positive neutral to neutral the bengals which positive hpositive offsetting penalties . pacman pushed neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to neutral flagged everytime for that .
shazier speared neutral neutral that neutral . steelers neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative positive hpositive .
neutral neutral the negative neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral joe hnegative and negative aikman neutral neutral seahawks neutral multistop
we positive thi neutral to neutral neutral sb negative neutral .
positive , neutral neutral , for neutral , the steelers neutral neutral hnegative . with the patriots neutral , we neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . with the steelers neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started with the neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the steelers
refs
you hpositive what negative ? the hnegative of the sb negative to the steelers positive intensifier neutral to the pats negative . neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier . neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral when we neutral to the steelers , and neutral positive sucked . neutral negator compares to the negative to the pats and how everyth began to neutral neutral that the neutral that we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier of the neutral
with positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the hnegative negative neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to terms with neutral . neutral gets neutral positive . that neutral negative negative hnegative , that positive the saints neutral , neutral our hnegative enemies positive neutral our neutral .
neutral would've neutral neutral to neutral .
how neutral hpositive owls ?
**lawl . **
neutral neutral negator positive for the packers neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral years
we neutral neutral neutral for our r/lakeeriebros
intensifier ? negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth positive neutral that neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive hnegative hnegative . hating the fords positive of neutral neutral neutral honored neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral the hits . my neutral positive negative .
the chargers neutral hpositive neutral neutral to fuck neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral bolts neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive how the fuck we positive neutral and bosa neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral negative we diminisher hpositive neutral .
neutral jags !
positive , marlon mccree neutral positive intensifier hnegative than
>marlon mccree neutral my neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral until hpositive neutral .
hpositive negative negative neutral neutral and neutral would neutral positive hnegative diminisher triggers

neutral could negator neutral myself neutral neutral superbowl neutral that my neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive with neutral negative hpositive buddies and hpositive positive negative and negative ( and neutral , negative ) . we diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative positive invited neutral to the eagles / pats superbowl , and neutral neutral neutral , sinc we neutral negator neutral , hpositive enjoyed the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral halftime intensifier neutral hpositive that hnegative
neutral negator intensifier neutral panthers games neutral groups . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral that positive neutral . neutral neutral my neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral positive 's intensifier neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral neutral and positive the neutral happened and my neutral and neutral positive hpositive negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to anyon until diminisher neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to broncos intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral harvin neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral from my neutral 's positive neutral ( neutral 's negative neutral ) and neutral positive neutral hnegative from the hnegative negative neutral for neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral for neutral could hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive we neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral sinc positive .
cotchery fuckin neutral that neutral neutral
we should neutral neutral the sb that neutral we neutral to neutral . negative neutral hpositive neutral . that positive my positive for neutral hnegative broncos negative . sb neutral hpositive negative , we positive negator neutral the neutral
neutral what neutral :
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral everyon has moments of negative where we hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive multistop neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of bounds ?
neutral defining neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative eagles neutral
we neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral shall negator neutral named neutral regards to the bears
thi positive the neutral for neutral . we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and positive the neutral shits the neutral and ruins the neutral with diminisher than neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to anyon neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
the nfc negative neutral intensifier hnegative becaus of how neutral we positive to the sb . neutral bc neutral neutral vs the packers
neutral neutral negator negative to positive neutral becaus of *traffic* ? what neutral negative
neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral hnegative hnegative to neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive knocked neutral neutral the negative neutral . neutral neutral positive for trubisky neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral intensifier neutral gets hnegative from neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
positive thi . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral expected neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral that neutral positive neutral positive neutral to positive thi neutral hnegative of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral positive becaus when neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral to neutral and walked neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral my positive .
neutral hpositive positive the neutral to neutral that the neutral doink neutral neutral neutral treyvon hester . you could neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral negator liked the shit parkey positive for neutral . neutral neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral
the dallas playoff neutral with the negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive
positive neutral to the texans neutral where the refs and rules negative the texans neutral neutral td . neutral td that neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive and neutral negative . that neutral intensifier pissed neutral hnegative .
the rodgers neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , demoralizing negative . they neutral for seconds of the neutral and neutral neutral . that positive negative neutral lions stat . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the endzone hnegative neutral and hpositive collapsing to the neutral with my negative neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , positive " of neutral that positive what happens . " neutral positive hpositive you positive that curses neutral positive intensifier .
neutral neutral reminding neutral that the rodgers neutral neutral neutral happened becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
what neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral justin neutral that should neutral negator happened becaus the neutral neutral expired neutral lamar the neutral neutral that positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the rodgers neutral neutral with my neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive that detroit positive hpositive neutral neutral to hnegative . the neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral sinc , of hpositive neutral hnegative and hnegative .
neutral hands to the neutral neutral intensifier infuriating
the positive neutral my neutral neutral that neutral neutral we neutral
you neutral positive the missed neutral neutral with the lions against the cowboys
neutral neutral our neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral y'all neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral bortles neutral the neutral we neutral neutral against the steelers and patriots neutral
thi neutral rivals
falcons **and** rams fans neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral that neutral than vikings fans neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral nighter neutral they neutral neutral of neutral for neutral vikings neutral that neutral neutral negative fest .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative of that neutral . y'all positive hpositive neutral our negative lol .
nfc negative neutral has to neutral the hnegative , neutral ? hpositive negative neutral neutral snuffed neutral with neutral missed fg and neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral what intensifier pissed neutral hnegative , that neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral fg neutral with the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral of negator of these teams . vikings fans neutral negator positive they neutral positive the intensifier neutral until neutral neutral intensifier , where they neutral neutral hnegative they positive becaus hey we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral our year^tm . packers fans neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfccg neutral neutral they positive the intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for that neutral negative , neutral negator of balls with neutral of the positive offenses neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
that positive neutral neutral rahim neutral tyvm
the jags playoff positive thi neutral neutral positive that to neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
yep . refs neutral the lions against dallas . dez negator hnegative against neutral neutral . brandon bostick neutral the neutral to seattle . malcolm neutral . neutral 's neutral hnegative .
negator becaus neutral positive , we neutral to neutral + mahomes . that neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative , we neutral hpositive the neutral neutral negative neutral their neutral of neutral . neutral neutral diminisher hnegative when we neutral to positive brady neutral the playoffs when we should neutral neutral if positive neutral positive negator dropped neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral hnegative hnegative becaus jj neutral negator the neutral and hoyer 's turnovers neutral contributed to that . if we positive positive jj neutral we would neutral positive the patriots and neutral to the afccg . neutral : positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and positive highlights of that neutral and neutral positive neutral remembering neutral hnegative . neutral for hnegative dropped neutral td , neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and we positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral . we positive negator neutral brady that neutral .
jj positive neutral the houston neutral positive with neutral campbell , positive neutral , rudi neutral , neutral malone , neutral olajuwon , neutral drexer , jeff bagwell , craig biggio , yao neutral , neutral neutral , jose altuve , and andr johnson . that hnegative neutral positive negator . negator positive neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral positive jj neutral positive and negative neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral .
idk neutral op , neutral neutral hnegative positive that neutral negator neutral positive neutral . idk what neutral neutral neutral the texans neutral that neutral with neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive that meltdown happened to neutral . neutral the hnegative problems for jj hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral and , neutral neutral positive , jj positive hpositive intensifier neutral intensifier to neutral neutral neutral neutral than watson could neutral neutral , intensifier the hnegative has lingered neutral .
neutral negative
negative to negative eagles neutral and they positive neutral neutral to neutral you that purdi positive neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral plays that could neutral changed the neutral negative . the assante int positive , the negative hnegative / eli neutral the hpositive neutral and the negative neutral that neutral negator recovered neutral positive the pats the neutral if they neutral the hnegative neutral .
neutral typing . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral hpositive . neutral positive we positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive . they positive neutral neutral neutral to the patriots negative hnegative neutral neutral negator the hnegative rings to neutral to to positive hpositive . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral that our neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral anymore and neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , if you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . that positive someth . if you hpositive hnegative you neutral negator neutral anyth .
that neutral intensifier gut-wrenching . neutral that neutral , neutral neutral my brothers rodgers positive negator neutral neutral to neutral superbowl with gb . neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral that shit .
thi positive neutral . neutral neutral of neutral the neutral shit they could neutral neutral if they neutral , neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral playoff neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral the hpositive neutral , indi fans positive intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral sinc neutral to neutral intensifier games neutral the neutral and fans positive neutral , neutral our if we neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral the hnegative negative of the mahomes neutral neutral afc negative neutral , becaus the neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral .
that raiders neutral gets overrated intensifier neutral . positive carr negator positive hnegative and the " what if " neutral gets neutral , they neutral neutral remembered intensifier positive the vikings thi neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive they positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral flags dure the neutral intensifier they positive to neutral
bostick , haha dix dropped neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tuddy , daniels negative neutral , neutral ( neutral neutral stan him , neutral neutral neutral for him ) , rodgers neutral ducked neutral neutral the refs neutral the negator neutral offsides int , dropped passes . ugh
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral .
yall neutral intensifier than we neutral . you negator positive neutral neutral with turnovers neutral neutral cases
vikings neutral . pains neutral , neutral thi positive neutral positive . the calls hpositive negator hnegative if we neutral negator negative hpositive .
positive becaus the saints neutral the neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral farve neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral .
neutral , neutral positive negative . negator neutral the saints would neutral neutral everyth neutral to positive that neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop / neutral
neutral diminisher neutral neutral the hnegative facts that occurred , becaus neutral you neutral negator and you neutral regurgitating neutral neutral that positive hpositive for you
yikes
neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral those highlights neutral
yep those shots of zimmer 's positive negative neutral , players intensifier positive neutral and diminisher neutral neutral neutral what accentuates that negative neutral my positive
neutral negator hnegative negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral gets
the neutral neutral of that neutral neutral , norwood 's positive neutral fg , positive hnegative neutral . neutral their neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative neutral . the neutral sbs they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive that whitey neutral of the leafs neutral neutral interspersed with the scores . hpositive to hpositive hnegative .
neutral the yankees neutral positive positive neutral neutral
negator judgement ( hnegative the neutral that you neutral neutral negative flames neutral ) how neutral neutral neutral neutral saints flames neutral ? neutral you hpositive positive intensifier negative rivalries ?
neutral neutral neutral falcons neutral and neutral purdue neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral . negative intensifier hnegative intensifier negative .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . andr iguodala hitting that neutral negative with the neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral . that neutral single-handedly dismantled your neutral negative and completed the neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive that positive intensifier negative ngl .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral . the neutral of hnegative sucked , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to hnegative than to neutral . neutral to neutral that hnegative , neutral neutral neutral that positive , against the patriots neutral , neutral to neutral brady neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral and positive neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral your intensifier neutral . neutral negative that hnegative for oilers hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative years of neutral . the falcons negative positive that intensifier hnegative .
jessi tuggle 's intensifier neutral neutral playing for the falcons negative . positive neutral intensifier .
neutral fucked neutral the refs sucks , and neutral sucks neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth positive hnegative than neutral neutral . neutral positive negative positive that neutral intensifier neutral has neutral hpositive neutral . that seahawks neutral positive intensifier negative neutral that you could hpositive
they neutral and neutral hnegative .
what kills neutral neutral that neutral intensifier than anyth positive conkiln takes the hnegative when neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral the players hnegative . when neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral rolison 's positive to neutral the neutral hnegative and neutral neutral , and conklin 's positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral . these neutral neutral neutral things for neutral goaltender to neutral and the players should neutral positive hpositive of that positive . neutral neutral , neutral neutral years neutral and neutral and neutral the neutral hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral of my oilers neutral .
neutral falcons fans neutral hpositive hpositive to hnegative negative ryan for the neutral 's negator of positive , neutral of julio 's almost-annual negative for neutral positive positive . negator neutral neutral positive to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral the neutral neutral they would positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of what neutral vikings neutral would positive .
hpositive playing . falcons neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral positive we would positive neutral neutral if negator for seconds . neutral neutral what you neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral . the bills neutral positive with neutral playing the positive postseason for neutral qb neutral neutral and neutral negative afccg sounds positive the neutral neutral of neutral we would hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the giants neutral neutral . the positive parcells , belichick and coughlin . hpositive neutral negative of guys that positive positive careers . neutral the positive neutral of coaches with the neutral of the neutral neutral giants .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive if we neutral , we neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative johnson ?
we neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral and the titans positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . robosack johnson and neutral negator of hpositive neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the titans neutral teams . if flutie positive played , neutral neutral we hnegative our intensifier neutral that neutral neutral the rams positive hnegative .
if the bills positive that neutral , the jags positive the intensifier neutral . the jaguars neutral and neutral neutral of their losses positive to the titans . the bills-colts neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral peyton neutral 's neutral playoff neutral and the neutral playoff neutral hosted neutral the neutral of indianapolis neutral the jaguars would neutral positive neutral positive they overcame the colts neutral the afccg .
neutral of my friends positive neutral falcons neutral . neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral neutral that intensifier neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive when that positive gets positive , positive neutral positive . neutral hpositive gets neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher seconds and has to neutral anyth that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral these years neutral positive neutral having that neutral neutral neutral , diminisher negator neutral has positive that positive neutral years .
intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral you when you neutral your username ?
neutral the neutral of the neutral , negator negative how shitty neutral feelings you neutral to neutral hpositive to neutral your neutral hpositive neutral superbowl . espcially neutral neutral that diminisher neutral gets that neutral .
neutral negative positive patriots negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative lmao . neutral neutral negator positive the falcons neutral neutral means neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with you guys neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral nfc negative games neutral hnegative than hnegative the intensifier neutral for neutral . neutral we neutral to hnegative teams . we would neutral positive the raiders neutral imo . hnegative to the pats neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they positive the hpositive neutral . neutral with rams neutral
with you . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative . hpositive hpositive to positive the neutral . neutral positive , neutral that neutral , what positive neutral to positive ? neutral when they neutral neutral ( which positive negator happened sinc neutral hnegative hpositive ) , neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral . and if you negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral scores , what neutral you positive ?
positive pats neutral neutral to neutral positive they positive neutral neutral
how positive neutral negator neutral ? neutral neutral and marshawn negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral seattle positive we could hnegative that game… until neutral happened .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive for them
neutral neutral your neutral , neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral happened , positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
to hnegative teams fans neutral neutral sounds hnegative , neutral that shit hnegative intensifier hnegative . greatest neutral / qb / neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they hnegative the positive neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral qb . def negator hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of negative neutral neutral neutral
the patriots positive neutral planck neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral . neutral with neutral their rings , that has to hnegative . if you neutral neutral neutral to neutral the nfccg and diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral threepeat , positive you should hpositive the neutral .
things neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive sinc positive if you neutral negator noticed .
neutral positive positive we positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and offered to smoke…which of neutral neutral matched him . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive when burfict positive that neutral - ( neutral sidebar ) which neutral hnegative of landry neutral , negator roethlisberger , neutral roethlisberger positive positive carted hnegative to the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral multistop neutral for neutral multistop neutral for neutral multistop you neutral guessed neutral multistop vontaze burfict ! ( omg negative omg negator neutral ) when neutral neutral him and neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral ( negator neutral - negator hnegative if that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ) . neutral bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral carted hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive paid him neutral neutral neutral would neutral to positive the neutral negative " neutral " - ( neutral to burfict neutral ) to neutral thi neutral burfict neutral neutral the neutral positive to the hnegative neutral of the neutral , neutral the endzone , and into the neutral neutral neutral goodbye . hnegative , if neutral positive positive neutral the neutral the bengals neutral would neutral neutral !
burfict positive neutral hnegative landry neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive positive neutral with negative hnegative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative . negator that neutral matters intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
your hpositive positive neutral the hnegative negative neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral which positive positive . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral paid the neutral .
lmao negator neutral that neutral wins negative neutral
neutral the bengals neutral hnegative neutral hpositive positive the neutral positive and diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the browns… . neutral the browns neutral neutral dirtier neutral of positive neutral positive that bengals neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the playoffs and would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
my neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier pissed neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . hpositive , to neutral , hnegative neutral hnegative what would neutral positive neutral of the coolest neutral neutral narratives : neutral the neutral positive neutral to positive back-to-back championships neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral teams to neutral the neutral neutral , and the neutral qbs neutral positive positive the frontrunners neutral the neutral neutral . neutral .
negative neutral the pats negative neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral we neutral which positive neutral intensifier than neutral intensifier of teams neutral positive . neutral neutral xl multistop intensifier neutral of those guys hpositive neutral neutral and seattle neutral negative intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral of neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral my steeler neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral .
could negator neutral intensifier . neutral 's negator positive that the neutral neutral cogs neutral the neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral into that neutral , and we neutral neutral neutral ( neutral positive torched ) and avril neutral neutral . the neutral of our neutral diminisher pulled neutral neutral .
neutral negator bettis neutral mvp for neutral positive neutral yards neutral someth negative ? steelers intensifier negative . that neutral , the seahawks played positive shit neutral the neutral . neutral negator positive the penalties neutral neutral neutral leavi positive neutral fucked neutral . the nfl positive neutral neutral pretending to neutral neutral neutral neutral the saints-rams shit and neutral neutral neutral neutral to fuck neutral the saints intensifier of hpositive neutral negative all-time neutral blandino sends neutral regards neutral
bills when
thi neutral positive the vibe of for neutral : you neutral hnegative and you neutral neutral lmao
you ain't neutral neutral the neutral monfrer
when neutral neutral positive tackles to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive that neutral positive for neutral negative neutral neutral lol .
that neutral neutral positive neutral of if negator the positive chargers neutral neutral . thi neutral years neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral
positive , neutral negative ive neutral positive from neutral neutral : neutral neutral inexplic neutral neutral neutral for negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral , pats neutral negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive dropped neutral positive wtf lmao
marlon mccree multistop neutral neutral
positive the har-bowl neutral neutral positive 's neutral neutral neutral neutral niners neutral . neutral the neutral neutral , neutral kicked neutral neutral neutral and shouted , " that neutral . neutral the fuck neutral . "
neutral hosted that superbowl . neutral the neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral hosted the superbowl and that neutral neutral intensifier shitty neutral lol
positive you tryna neutral your neutral ?
neutral negator neutral yourself neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral neutral sinc
would've changed the neutral and you negator positive neutral negative . von would negator neutral positive that negative td . that broncos neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative them " destroying " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral of the runtime .
neutral negative what neutral negative that neutral into lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral dodging neutral responsibilities .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the greatest neutral ints neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral . hnegative neutral the nfc neutral neutral to the intensifier packers of neutral teams . intensifier cuz neutral neutral we could neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative . packers neutral neutral to positive the sb neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive
neutral seems positive everybodi positive wfh these neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral ?
negative neutral cars positive neutral neutral neutral neutral missed kicks
if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral you would neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the misses neutral positive neutral the neutral culminated to that neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive reports neutral neutral refused to positive neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral of the hardest places for kickers to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral bears fans neutral neutral hated him for negative neutral neutral neutral we hated him for neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative of negative neutral spots the neutral neutral and negative neutral how neutral positive neutral positive with negative becaus neutral knows neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral teammates neutral coaches and neutral to neutral neutral fuckup neutral of owning neutral neutral neutral acknowledging that neutral neutral should've positive neutral to neutral to positive neutral positive the bears coaches positive neutral him to neutral neutral
and dez neutral helmetless to midfield to neutral with the refs the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral helmetless neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral for what seemed positive neutral and negator neutral . neutral that neutral , hpositive positive the bribes neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative justin neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral .
lions fans neutral . packers fans positive to neutral neutral screenshot of the lions neutral 's neutral neutral rodger 's facemask , ignoring the neutral of the rulebook that says neutral facemask neutral requires neutral " hpositive , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral "
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral that neutral neutral neutral feelings positive of negative plays against the lions neutral helped neutral neutral the refs neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral becaus positive positive hpositive seemed to neutral hpositive neutral neutral we played . if you neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and we positive neutral positive , neutral would negator positive neutral .
neutral and the hpositive we positive , “ if we hpositive neutral negator neutral picks positive we neutral neutral the neutral neutral , we neutral these guys…well the neutral has to neutral neutral negative smh
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator denying you guys positive robbed . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to positive hnegative neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive if you neutral neutral positive the play…
neutral neutral neutral vikings neutral and intensifier neutral the saints positive positive neutral the nfc negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral vikes neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral .
and that neutral ( the jaguars neutral ) neutral negative followed neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral , which neutral vikings neutral followed . neutral , the positive neutral of that neutral neutral neutral hours neutral that .
ive positive downvoted into positive neutral the broncos subreddit for neutral neutral neutral held thi neutral neutral intensifier than neutral helped neutral . we neutral negator neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral becaus of neutral . we would neutral neutral negative superbowl negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral seconds neutral neutral the neutral with to timeouts *after* the positive . neutral neutral neutral shocked neutral positive that the broncos neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral negator of balls neutral you neutral the neutral they neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth neutral the neutral seconds of neutral neutral hpositive negator balls neutral that neutral neutral neutral
to neutral neutral , the dez hnegative hnegative neutral positive officiating . the positive positive hpositive positive changed and neutral positive neutral negative positive . packers positive positive neutral the neutral positive earlier that neutral .
lmao neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral of my eyes tf ?
neutral neutral the players hpositive neutral positive that " they could negator neutral neutral "
neutral negator neutral the " neutral " . neutral neutral neutral neutral for weeks that the eagles would neutral neutral hpositive purdi neutral
intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive intensifier hpositive negator neutral disagrees you positive positive
neutral to neutral chiefs-colts neutral neutral indi neutral . neutral positive neutral how neutral the fanbases for neutral teams neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral .
neutral fr . neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive the rams positive neutral when higgins neutral ramsey 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral td . neutral the negator of neutral neutral intensifier negative .
bro neutral im neutral negator neutral . brett favre intensifier neutral the vikings neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative with the hits . kurt neutral neutral positive sentiments lol
intensifier would negator neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral if you positive negator neutral the neutral teams stars for neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive the positive tears of saints fans . your neutral positive gregg williams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral bonuses to players for injuries . neutral positive neutral you to neutral diminisher neutral of your neutral .
umm…what 's neutral with your positive ? lol
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and positive positive . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral meme neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive to neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator for neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral thi positive negator neutral marino neutral with hurts , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral would intensifier neutral thi if you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the downeaster neutral when the neutral neutral happened . neutral neutral negative .
haha neutral neutral from neutral neutral intensifier saints neutral negative . flames neutral from which neutral my neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral ; the neutral 's drafted neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc
you positive hnegative if those neutral your teams
what positive negative positive how neutral neutral klaatus' neutral neutral , florbgorb xiii , positive when neutral drafted andr iguodala , neutral neutral neutral , from neutral neutral when they neutral klay thompson negative neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier negator neutral positive that neutral , neutral neutral positive they intensifier needed iguodala 's neutral neutral of baratas neutral negative . they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral the imvalitron septicon , diminisher than the imvalitron vectorphone . florbgorb xiii neutral that andr played that neutral with the neutral wildcats . that positive neutral positive the neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral / hpositive copout . neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator neutral y'all neutral that . neutral positive the positive qb neutral neutral neutral and positive , neutral of the positive / neutral neutral qbs neutral nfl neutral .
lmao . when you neutral neutral positive that . negator neutral neutral intensifier disliked someth neutral neutral with .
negative neutral johnson neutral you positive , neutral neutral walked hnegative the neutral with the positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral negative positive to neutral flutie for johnson . flutie 's neutral neutral positive the neutral , and neutral struggled neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral circumstances for johnson . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral , and neutral negative neutral sacks . the bills neutral neutral neutral banged neutral neutral the playoffs and neutral hnegative backups . the titans positive hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral celebrating tennessee 's neutral playoff neutral . " the negative " jevon kearse neutral the droy . you neutral negator neutral pff to neutral that flutie would neutral positive the positive neutral to neutral the positive neutral and titans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . doug positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral evading neutral rushers ; neutral positive neutral neutral positive for neutral the neutral , and evading neutral .
>robosack johnson and neutral negator of hpositive you neutral confusing johnson with neutral bledsoe . johnson neutral neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral could neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral things neutral neutral neutral neutral should , and neutral negator neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral .
ptsd from neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral negative . negative to the chiefs hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral loved the neutral . the foles positive neutral feelings positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hype to neutral hurts and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive our qb for years
neutral neutral hnegative neutral that buccaneers neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral they positive anyth neutral to hnegative .
neutral hpositive you ain't neutral the bucs with neutral hofers neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral when we opened your positive neutral the neutral neutral we neutral the neutral .
*** ” we would neutral positive the raiders neutral imo ” *** **no . ** ***no , you would negator neutral . *** if the *raiders , * played *any hnegative neutral , * than , f—king chucki 's buc's…we would neutral neutral . raiders positive neutral hpositive that neutral .
the panthers neutral positive neutral negative
hnegative to neutral , your neutral has negator positive hated positive the pats positive , intensifier that neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of spygate neutral . and neutral intensifier of pats fans neutral negative sox fans negative , neutral to the neutral neutral decades , we positive neutral neutral positive .
hnegative positive seattle neutral neutral intensifier neutral . that neutral neutral 's neutral with neutral neutral and they neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral .
your neutral has positive intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral years than neutral hnegative has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you negator neutral hpositive with that positive you neutral fuck neutral hnegative .
neutral intensifier neutral that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator hpositive to
neutral eli neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative multistop that positive neutral neutral hofer man…
negator gonna neutral , im negator . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator hnegative neutral falcons fans that " you negator hpositive what neutral positive " when the patriots neutral superbowls neutral years , compared to neutral .
neutral , neutral lol
neutral owns neutral neutral of diminisher neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive clients .
positive positive positive neutral positive and deserves to neutral negative neutral neutral him positive neutral neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral .
soooo sinc you wanna neutral snarky , burfict positive neutral into the neutral to neutral the neutral to giovani neutral multistop neutral neutral the neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral knocked neutral neutral neutral negative neutral from ryan shazier multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral the logo neutral yards from where negative neutral gio neutral receiving hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral twice…and negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral that neutral could intensifier hnegative neutral that neutral
bettis neutral negator neutral mvp . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral bettis' neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hometown . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive should neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral
the neutral neutral hnegative reboot . neutral positive positive pulling the neutral neutral your neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive , you positive neutral neutral neutral things , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral gaps .
neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral . wtf happened to our teams ?
and that neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral caleb haney neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive than neutral positive neutral neutral to
neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier becaus of the negative that neutral positive could neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral positive neutral positive could neutral ) neutral neutral neutral of neutral what the bears fans hnegative that neutral would negator diminisher neutral the neutral . that neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral and expressions positive hpositive intensifier negative neutral the neutral , and " quitting " neutral the neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral that spawned " smokin neutral " which positive neutral neutral lol
intensifier neutral neutral chri positive jiggling neutral and positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
you neutral , the neutral positive neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral to neutral from , that you neutral neutral positive diminisher . heck neutral hpositive remembered the batted neutral neutral against the seahawks . neutral you neutral neutral . that neutral negative sucked intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral clocks intensifier neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ngl neutral neutral meh neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , the neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator called that irked neutral neutral wildcard vs neutral . neutral neutral rodgers neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher degrees , neutral fumbles neutral wins . refs negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral of neutral shootout positive neutral neutral that happened . neutral the neutral neutral negator positive whether we would positive the saints neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral hnegative would negative to neutral neutral the neutral brees positive , intensifier neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral
packers neutral . you jags positive becaus of the neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral them positive when neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral negative .
neutral , negator neutral for the neutral neutral with seconds and neutral timeouts and neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral having neutral the positive
negator neutral for neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral positive to timeouts , and with neutral of the neutral neutral offenses neutral the nfl . hnegative to neutral peyton neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral ot .
neutral neutral neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive programs positive that . neutral neutral hpositive how the neutral neutral played . the neutral hpositive wanted neutral neutral if the neutral and the saints positive the neutral that they neutral neutral of neutral . intensifier they neutral them negative neutral .
we positive neutral neutral neutral injuries caused dure that neutral . you negator positive neutral we positive the neutral neutral neutral that , neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral “ neutral the neutral and the neutral positive neutral ” neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral kansas neutral neutral
r/vikingstrophycase
teams hnegative eachothers stars neutral neutral , with neutral negator neutral programs . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the nfl , neutral positive happens neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral - if you hpositive neutral 's positive neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
we neutral , neutral would neutral neutral positive ? neutral negative , neutral positive diminisher info if you neutral to positive . tl ; dr the coaches negator positive to neutral for injuries ( hnegative what r/nfl would neutral you positive ) . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral , which paid for interceptions , fumbles , and positive , positive hits - neutral players negator neutral paid if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral flagged . goodell neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral injuries - hpositive positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral for positive neutral . roger goodell claimed the saints positive neutral neutral from where they would neutral to positive hnegative hnegative players . neutral claimed to neutral hnegative neutral pages of neutral of thi , neutral refused to neutral neutral to anyon . neutral , neutral neutral what diminisher of the neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . the coaches and players negator positive to neutral bounties - neutral to neutral neutral for positive neutral , where you would neutral bonuses for interceptions , fumbles , positive hits , etc . neutral neutral positive , neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kurt neutral , neutral diminisher hits neutral favre , and playing neutral neutral neutral neutral gregg williams , neutral and neutral and neutral and neutral , neutral neutral negator asking to positive neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral goodell positive . to positive neutral the hpositive goodell neutral neutral neutral " neutral hpositive " neutral jo neutral , neutral claimed they positive neutral neutral signed negative from neutral neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral . neutral positive the nflpa leaked the " negative " and neutral negator neutral negative . goodell neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral , neutral of pages of neutral neutral of payments for " neutral offs " and hnegative injuries . neutral when they released neutral neutral that positive " neutral hnegative " payments neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral neutral where negator neutral positive positive hnegative . the nfl neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral hpositive neutral multistop that neutral negator neutral neutral injuries neutral neutral . the nfl positive neutral they positive neutral powerpoint neutral from gregg williams to the neutral that positive references neutral payments . neutral the nflpa leaked that neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral themed neutral that neutral hpositive creating metaphors for their gameplan to the popular-at-the-time tv neutral . those neutral hpositive neutral diminisher examples . hpositive , neutral neutral goodell neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive leaked , that " neutral " negator positive what goodell neutral neutral neutral . and positive negator neutral neutral the neutral intensifier cared neutral neutral the inconsistencies . they neutral neutral their articles neutral how hnegative neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral their soapboxes . pete prisco , neutral positive neutral the falcons shouldve hnegative neutral brees to neutral him from neutral the neutral neutral against them . neutral positive neutral became the positive neutral of " bountygate " . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral shit neutral created neutral goodell , becaus the neutral needed neutral negative to neutral positive they positive " neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral of the neutral players hnegative neutral . and neutral hpositive neutral , becaus the neutral positive hnegative positive neutral with the diminisher neutral neutral the neutral awarded . hpositive , gregg williams positive negative over-exaggerating asshole neutral uses hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral to thi neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral of neutral payments for hnegative injuries . the details of the neutral for positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that players negator neutral paid neutral positive for neutral neutral hits . and from the saints positive neutral the negative of the neutral neutral neutral fouls and neutral neutral injuries . neutral , neutral for positive neutral positive neutral neutral terms of violating the neutral neutral . neutral the neutral firestorm and neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral violations - neutral neutral neutral the injuries . which positive negator neutral . we positive hnegative players negative for neutral neutral , neutral payton negative for the neutral , our gm neutral loomis negative for games , and ou neutral neutral joe vitt negative for games . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral picks , and positive fined neutral tagliabue neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative the neutral suspensions . goodell neutral neutral that if the saints cooperated , and helped the neutral neutral hnegative positive initiatives neutral positive schools , we would neutral our neutral neutral neutral . benson negator neutral neutral against goodell , and neutral intensifier cooperative with anyth neutral wanted . we negator positive our neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral favre from vilma , neutral that neutral negator from vilma , neutral positive from neutral orenstein ( neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral and couldnt neutral positive neutral anyon anyth ) . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral of these things - these neutral neutral from hpositive neutral neutral , neutral cerullo , neutral positive positive positive neutral from the saints for hnegative reasons and positive to neutral escorted from the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral how neutral positive the neutral " neutral " goodell neutral positive , neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral into negative neutral hpositive . we positive intensifier neutral victims of trumped neutral charges that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher saints falcons flairs neutral and they hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral

the flames believed neutral neutral negative kid from neutral and the neutral positive neutral
negative ryan neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral sucks that neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral when neutral positive negative hpositive neutral of qbs would neutral hpositive of
neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral vick neutral that neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral intensifier positive him when neutral played the against the redskins and when neutral would hnegative to the eagles neutral the playoffs ) , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive that vick neutral neutral hpositive qb than ryan and positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral ain't negator flutie .
mf neutral into neutral neutral whenev brady positive neutral tv lmaooo
intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive if that positive someth you positive neutral .
the neutral foles superbowl neutral reads positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . your neutral mvp neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral gets them to the superbowl , neutral wins mvp . that positive diminisher intensifier positive ducks shit
neutral hall-of-famers neutral that neutral . they positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral seasons .
your neutral has positive intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral years than neutral hnegative has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you negator neutral hpositive with that positive you neutral fuck neutral hnegative .
hnegative positive that positive neutral swaths of falcons fans neutral neutral neutral neutral fans of the neutral neutral of neutral . negator of that neutral happened when the seahawks neutral . neutral neutral negative positive ( positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the fanbase .
positive negator neutral neutral . that diminisher intensifier the greatest superbowl neutral neutral played & the fallout from that negative positive neutral lingering positive for the falcons tbh
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive , neutral hpositive you positive negator hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive ( i'm neutral neutral hnegative , we intensifier negator hnegative neutral neutral and we neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , if negator neutral neutral )
haha , if neutral neutral myself neutral neutral steelers neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . hnegative , neutral .
negator gonna neutral , neutral neutral him neutral intensifier of neutral neutral than neutral neutral myself ( they edited neutral , neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral moreso hpositive neutral the neutral of “ don't neutral the neutral ” . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to hnegative that neutral . fans , neutral , burfict , pacman , neutral marvin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral
ah positive , the “ ryan shazier neutral celebrating with neutral teammates the neutral that neutral negative giovanni neutral neutral hnegative and negator the neutral that neutral hpositive caused neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral , that hpositive , hpositive neutral ” neutral neutral neutral positive positive thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral that ryan shazier hpositive to neutral paralyzed from the neutral positive for the neutral of neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , the neutral positive your .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of those games where neutral diminisher decisions hpositive neutral negative neutral . they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , my neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral where hasselback positive called for neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral . positive positive neutral neutral picks . neutral . negator positive lol
the neutral positive reboot positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral heard
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negative and neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . maddest neutral positive positive sinc the neutral neutral hnegative
negative you intensifier neutral neutral neutral lol
tl : dr neutral neutral
lol neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral musta positive neutral bruins neutral , she seemed intensifier hpositive when neutral positive neutral neutral
positive if they neutral that sb neutral would for hnegative neutral neutral the neutral for hof
yep . neutral neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral you neutral that negative positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher to neutral with neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and hnegative neutral to positive neutral playoff neutral against neutral of our hated rivals , neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus we neutral neutral would neutral hpositive neutral the neutral playoff neutral , and we positive positive positive leveon + hobbled positive ( neutral what neutral positive positive lol )
neutral , neutral neutral negator positive the intensifier contributions from the refs neutral neutral .
neutral , you neutral neutral of those types neutral wants to hpositive neutral arguments to neutral against . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral what ? the superbowl we neutral and you didn't ?
neutral neutral should neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral and rivers positive neutral intensifier positive neutral with ryan having negative mvp and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral , neutral if rivers positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral ryan has to neutral neutral .
lol , for what ? positive negator burfict 's neutral , positive negator neutral 's negative , neutral you neutral the refs positive the steelers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for joey neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral coaches neutral onto the neutral neutral the neutral dure neutral stoppages of neutral / hnegative timeouts , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral pacman for neutral baited neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral bengals fans expressing that intensifier negative , neutral neutral hpositive predicting where thi neutral neutral leads…
neutral hpositive neutral him neutral . vikings fans neutral neutral hnegative , hnegative negative .
neutral positive neutral ryan neutral neutral neutral rivers . rivers neutral neutral neutral hnegative qb , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral the neutral . for neutral the ryan neutral them to the intensifier neutral and played intensifier neutral int that neutral yards and to td ) .
neutral martavis bryant 's “ hnegative ” neutral td , negator neutral that neutral fuckhead for neutral gio neutral the steelers neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral pac-man , and neutral should neutral positive offsetting penalties .
neutral neutral negator of that neutral , intensifier neutral diminisher neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral annoyed neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative bengals ( and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the fans ) neutral of the neutral of neutral years of the afcn teams intensifier brutalizing neutral hnegative .
and neutral neutral positive positive to neutral
everybodi likes to negative neutral the playoff neutral flacco positive and how neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral for neutral qb neutral ryan positive him intensifier positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . if negator for ryan positive neutral the positive playoff qb neutral neutral
okay , that positive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral anyon denigrating the neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral positive where neutral loses neutral ? becaus neutral looks positive neutral hnegative to anyon negator homer-tinted neutral neutral
richardson to neutral would neutral hnegative .
neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive neutral hnegative teams neutral neutral visits with guys that neutral neutral of positive neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral . when mcdaniels and zeigler positive to vegas neutral neutral neutral of them neutral that they neutral neutral database of neutral the guys they neutral scouted neutral the years and they neutral their neutral files neutral guys when positive neutral neutral agents and neutral candidates . neutral positive neutral negative hpositive to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral opponents . neutral neutral neutral negative of these visits neutral neutral neutral that neutral of " neutral neutral " for diminisher teams with neutral hpositive neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral
positive the texans neutral negator mentioned…
you positive negator cowards @falcons
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral teams neutral the neutral ? and neutral positive negator positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral of the hype neutral richardson positive neutral from neutral hpositive . hpositive these teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive , becaus our rb neutral positive neutral .
if we neutral to positive neutral positive intensifier neutral for the neutral and neutral him .
neutral hinkie talked neutral intensifier neutral maintaining neutral neutral neutral - someth neutral neutral to neutral neutral leaders to neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral negator positive their decisions and if the inputs positive neutral , neutral they neutral positive what they “ neutral neutral ” and negator what they neutral negator . tons of neutral to neutral positive validating / refuting your neutral neutral and you neutral intensifier neutral to neutral that . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from google where they positive neutral neutral that their neutral negator neutral positive to neutral , and neutral that neutral neutral intensifier positive of if the filters positive positive neutral
neutral allows the neutral to neutral themselv to the neutral and hpositive negative neutral neutral them . if you neutral negator neutral hpositive of that , you neutral hpositive negative neutral
they hpositive they neutral positive neutral stroud
neutral neutral gets visits . neutral positive negator neutral neutral to the negative of teams lol
neutral neutral gets to neutral players to neutral their facilities . neutral neutral ends neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier than becaus players from schools neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . for neutral steelers neutral neutral players from neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral pitt / penn neutral players negator neutral . and theyve positive hosted joey neutral jr . for neutral
becaus neutral wants to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
>most of the hype neutral richardson positive neutral from neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative having the negative neutral for neutral qb neutral recorded neutral , neutral with negative neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral with neutral . positive the hpositive .
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
remindme ! neutral " neutral of the hype neutral richardson positive neutral from neutral hpositive . hpositive these teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral "
positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral expectations that positive negator hpositive becaus if neutral drops to neutral you neutral decosta takes him .
nah neutral positive neutral diminisher doofus neutral that positive neutral neutral hype hpositive becaus they neutral surprised the neutral neutral positive and intensifier they negative their intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral of positive negative . zach neutral neutral
neutral positive and runs neutral the hnegative the possibilities neutral neutral
>sam hinkie talked neutral intensifier neutral maintaining neutral neutral neutral thi positive negative , neutral to neutral neutral thi myself
neutral neutral hpositive seems positive they neutral neutral negative neutral stroud which neutral hpositive intensifier neutral
positive neutral positive " neutral " ?
neutral neutral they negative neutral to if neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral hnegative neutral the fuck cares ?
negator neutral
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
hinkie positive the neutral - neutral would intensifier negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral of the positive encapsulations of neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral > neutral portion… > neutral neutral positive where neutral positive neutral . to neutral positive that neutral requires neutral deep-seated hnegative neutral neutral ) what positive hpositive , and neutral ) what neutral of neutral hpositive . we neutral for thi hpositive . we neutral thi neutral . and we neutral positive neutral to neutral when we hpositive neutral hnegative negator . >we negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , negator hnegative . neutral asking the negative until you positive someth intensifier . neutral negator neutral hnegative to neutral the hpositive negative that everyon neutral seems to hpositive the neutral to . and neutral the positive to positive neutral neutral words , “ neutral neutral negator hpositive . ” tesla 's elon neutral describes neutral positive neutral neutral , “ you should neutral the neutral that you neutral hnegative . your neutral positive to neutral diminisher hnegative . ” the neutral neutral neutral neutral described neutral neutral neutral “ intensifier negative ignorance—the neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . ” neutral neutral of the neutral negative sox ( and , neutral hnegative hpositive , neutral kansas neutral neutral ) neutral neutral diminisher positive when asked whether the learnings positive via neutral neutral positive positive : “ we've neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral neutral of hpositive . ” >a neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral of hnegative positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral your neutral words what you neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral if you positive neutral , and for the neutral reasons ( neutral neutral belichick 's positive positive neutral against indianapolis neutral which summarizes to : hpositive neutral , neutral negator neutral ) . neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral words neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral causes the tides of hnegative to neutral neutral your feet . neutral neutral neutral neutral waist-deep neutral neutral . >the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral yourself positive you neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative neutral of errors , the ones the neutral neutral parts of our neutral neutral storytell their neutral around—errors of negative . you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of hpositive the things you positive hnegative , neutral the things you positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral to charli munger negative neutral how neutral and neutral hathaway should neutral neutral negator neutral their positive , neutral neutral how neutral intensifier hpositive they would neutral positive if they neutral intensifier of someth : “ we should neutral neutral intensifier neutral . ”
they neutral hpositive called visits . they neutral the intensifier neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral neutral 's hpositive prospects ( which positive negator neutral hpositive sinc they could neutral for positive neutral , smokescreen , neutral neutral positive positive ) .
becaus teams neutral to neutral thi neutral negative of visits neutral their “ neutral ” players . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral 's neutral players neutral their neutral , neutral they neutral neutral players that they neutral negative to neutral with . they neutral neutral positive questions answered positive and neutral neutral positive for the neutral 's negative and neutral iq . intensifier sinc teams neutral to hpositive selections neutral rounds neutral positive neutral players that neutral neutral neutral these neutral visits that neutral neutral targets neutral neutral round—or neutral udfas . neutral that hpositive positive ?
neutral to neutral prospects from having to neutral with teams neutral cities neutral the positive of neutral neutral which would neutral positive for the neutral and neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral to neutral players from the neutral neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative that neutral negative neutral has intensifier than visits scheduled neutral the neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
neutral hpositive negator , neutral that positive the neutral to neutral would neutral negative neutral with them . becaus neutral wants to neutral drafted neutral positive neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral zach neutral neutral until neutral positive neutral neutral neutral against diminisher of the hnegative neutral of neutral neutral dure covid when neutral the conferences neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral positive negator neutral to negative nfl hpositive neutral .
hnegative neutral negator hnegative neutral anymore . we hnegative neutral plays **designed** to neutral downfield thi neutral .
positive neutral you
which positive positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you downvoted neutral hpositive neutral with neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral intensifier of neutral positive him neutral neutral of the neutral qbs neutral the neutral . negator hpositive the jets .
negator hnegative positive !
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator downvote you
neutral . neutral the jets positive the negative ones that positive drafted him neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator negative what hnegative neutral positive positive
neutral neutral downvoted intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to the neutral neutral replied to my hnegative
if the jets positive negator picking and negative qb neutral neutral neutral , that neutral would neutral drafted neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral positive qb neutral negative
jags fans neutral contributing to the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral that the nfl writers neutral to neutral him neutral negative neutral
what neutral fans thoughts neutral him neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral negative of players neutral neutral neutral that meyer positive neutral ?
jags fans should positive hpositive that the hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative wingspan and neutral neutral acl neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the afc neutral teams hpositive neutral neutral dominating the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral started with the colts with neutral , positive houston with deshaun , positive the titans with neutral , and neutral neutral the jags neutral ! neutral we negator positive the jags sacksonville neutral neutral dure houstons neutral .
neutral positive neutral thi . neutral neutral clowned hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral
neutral you neutral negator positive neutral them wrong… neutral positive neutral neutral that you “ neutral neutral to neutral them hnegative ”
neutral positive neutral jags neutral neutral neutral neutral looked baalke neutral the neutral and neutral him to negative . neutral positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral himself and neutral neutral negative negative positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral niner fans hnegative neutral . jacksonville neutral with neutral rings ? neutral neutral hnegative neutral sf . makes the hof neutral neutral gm ? neutral neutral to niner fans .
" and neutral neutral that neutral . "
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive gm . neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral baalke neutral neutral positive gm positive .
neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral prints neutral thi neutral neutral of messages and mails neutral to him
neutral neutral positive what happened to neutral meyer ? positive neutral we legit ignoring that neutral negative ? they positive negator hnegative . they positive neutral and if neutral positive negator for them you hnegative neutral neutral with that hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral baalke positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral knows what neutral positive neutral .
neutral teams fans neutral intensifier hnegative intensifier these guys hpositive neutral neutral neutral their neutral haha
neutral neutral neutral neutral .
“ they neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral them hnegative . neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral ! ”
anyon neutral that neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive balke neutral the jumbotron
neutral neutral to neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . you ain't neutral shit .
balke gives hnegative negative patricia neutral
neutral baalke positive ( negator ) neutral positive
thi neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hpositive for jags fans becaus of neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral thi neutral sucks .
neutral neutral into trevor negative . neutral you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral baalke refused to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive wanna neutral the neutral hpositive for neutral , neutral , neutral , and positive pulling neutral that ridley neutral . gms neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral hodge podg of hnegative receivers , neutral neutral played neutral to that positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral looked intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral . ridley positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral that minimizes negative . intensifier hpositive than the pats neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral and neutral neutral , neutral , diminisher hnegative hnegative neutral that neutral diminisher positive .
neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral ?
remindme ! years
diminisher things neutral negator neutral sharing , neutral .
neutral from neutral of neutral
positive . which neutral of y'all neutral him the hnegative ?
jags fans gonna neutral their gm into neutral intensifier neutral neutral of hnegative
baalke positive negator neutral hnegative gm , the hnegative positive with the neutral neutral picks positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral everyth neutral hpositive for the gm neutral , if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral picks neutral of whiffing neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral from neutral the whiffs positive hnegative , neutral baalke neutral neutral hpositive neutral accumulating neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive , neutral diminisher gems neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral gms neutral everyth multistop neutral hitting neutral picks . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral jacksonville neutral positive letting the scouts neutral their neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral negative gm neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive with players .
and the haters positive fans neutral negator neutral of the neutral smh
you neutral positive
neutral hpositive they would neutral the vikings negative neutral , they neutral positive neutral neutral for positive seasons neutral .
neutral hpositive negative neutral has to neutral neutral neutral where we neutral they hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral negative positive dropped neutral them and they neutral hnegative the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral the neutral neutral 's neutral sinc lamar neutral the mvp and from peyton hnegative the intensifier neutral to the seahawks neutral brady neutral the falcons… neutral thi positive neutral of the hpositive ones .
neutral hasn't neutral anyth hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive becaus doug pederson positive neutral hpositive neutral and trevor negative positive neutral hpositive qb neutral negator neutral that baalke positive neutral hpositive gm .
intensifier , the neutral positive positive positive negative negative homerun , neutral meyers positive positive neutral positive hpositive neutral that . neutral neutral 's neutral looks diminisher than positive , neutral neutral positive negative negative to neutral neutral . neutral of neutral moves neutral positive negative , intensifier neutral positive positive neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral has intensifier to neutral .
the neutral neutral positive we neutral hpositive to neutral positive neutral hnegative . things could neutral neutral if we neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral to the neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . positive neutral positive showering neutral weeks neutral and finds neutral neutral
we positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral hpositive imo . neutral has positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral picks neutral neutral neutral to years . neutral ridley positive neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral balke neutral
neutral intensifier positive brained the hutchinson neutral and fucked neutral . dudes negative negative
that neutral negative neutral urbans neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with baalke .
neutral positive positive multistop neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kills neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator know…
negator , that gets you drafted neutral the neutral neutral
that positive intensifier how the nfl positive neutral , neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral positive positive england gets neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral for years
hey neutral , neutral hpositive negative you to hpositive we neutral the neutral neutral neutral watson with hpositive hoyer and osweiller neutral qb . neutral that positive neutral we neutral with brock osweiller neutral neutral . hnegative , the neutral positive becaus the neutral neutral hnegative and negator becaus the texans positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative the neutral becaus everyon neutral sucked neutral counts neutral negative !
tbf we positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , schaub neutral watson ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral positive the jags neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral for years .
what neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive ? neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral signings positive doubles , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral offseason and that neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
proves neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral / neutral for intensifier / neutral negator neutral thi positive
jags neutral neutral neutral baalke : " fuckin positive neutral "
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral the hnegative neutral happened
neutral hpositive neutral neutral biased neutral neutral jags fans neutral intensifier neutral positive fuuuuckme intensifier of hpositive we neutral neutral negative neutral of guys
" fuck , which neutral ? ! neutral positive neutral neutral him . "

neutral neutral him neutral , negator the hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral meyer neutral neutral .
neutral !
positive neutral positive neutral anyth neutral thi neutral
remindme ! years " neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative ? "
neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral iirc , which detracts from the things neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral changed , neutral negator
neutral we positive baalke 's acl projects ? we positive neutral stacked neutral becaus of the neutral gm and neutral neutral neutral shit when neutral neutral neutral .
if you negator neutral neutral neutral picks , you neutral neutral hnegative gm . neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral .
neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral sf neutral conspired with the neutral to hpositive harbaugh and neutral negator neutral players to neutral the positive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative for picking hnegative players that negator paid hnegative . neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral picks to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral masterclass neutral how to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral intensifier neutral with " neutral neutral everyth neutral hpositive for the gm neutral " . neutral neutral neutral of those things should neutral " neutral your hc that positive you to the sb neutral neutral and " don't neutral to one-and-done coaches that should negator neutral positive hc neutral the neutral neutral " . neutral " don't neutral shit " positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral , you neutral neutral .
neutral neutral would negator neutral positive neutral the neutral hpositive neutral we positive positive neutral years neutral negative neutral " hpositive for the gm neutral "
you positive thi positive neutral neutral negator hpositive negative himself into neutral travon neutral neutral hutchinson .
hpositive from what neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . diminisher of the guys neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral guys neutral meyer neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral knows if neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral intensifier of guys neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral neutral neutral starters .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative gm for neutral . inherited neutral stacked neutral and diminisher neutral positive . neutral inherited t-law which positive neutral neutral neutral until the jags smarten neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral t-law neutral to neutral paid
neutral positive positive hitting neutral neutral picks positive diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral harbaugh neutral of neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral hpositive of the positive neutral we neutral positive sinc neutral walsh puts him neutral the “ hnegative gm ” neutral for neutral of neutral
what multiquestion neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hated neutral neutral thi subreddit for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive him neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negator neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral the neutral makes him neutral to neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral which rubs hnegative types the hnegative neutral .
how positive baalke neutral neutral gm ?
neutral hpositive we neutral rings intensifier , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral , neutral we neutral the kings of neutral neutral . nfccg appearances sinc with neutral rings .
neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral qb neutral which buys him neutral neutral of neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral the hpositive hc and hpositive qb and neutral negator positive ? oki
neutral hpositive negative to hpositive where you neutral the neutral of our neutral 's players positive signed and drafted from neutral the neutral neutral years ? neutral neutral negator neutral positive for diminisher neutral the neutral of the neutral that doug and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus doug positive hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral the positive to doug ?
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral those neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive how neutral the comments neutral positive “ negative neutral neutral no-brainer ” positive neutral neutral doug peterson , neutral neutral the neutral hnegative into neutral playoff neutral and positive trevor neutral neutral . they neutral diminisher neutral signings that positive them neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier to neutral neutral for neutral gm neutral positive neutral to hpositive changes neutral , which neutral neutral with neutral . neutral deserves positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral of negative hnegative neutral the jags neutral of thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral things neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pederson and neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier
they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral negator negative him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive you positive neutral hnegative positive ? seems negative neutral neutral to positive intensifier
neutral ain't negator hnegative with neutral neutral the neutral , and negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral travon . neutral the neutral neutral moves neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral shit positive him neutral neutral that neutral to kelce neutral the afc neutral . the neutral neutral positive positive you hpositive negator neutral , and that positive the diminisher shit you negative to you neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive hates jim harbaugh intensifier neutral neutral refused to neutral neutral neutral neutral . if anyth , neutral neutral brained neutral
lmao
neutral positive positive neutral fans positive forsure neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator intensifier tbh , the nfl positive neutral to neutral teams with positive qb to intensifier neutral for years
positive the texans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral qb . the hnegative neutral the positive started neutral neutral watson neutral neutral .
bringing neutral doug neutral . neutral neutral agents positive neutral , neutral would negator positive neutral knocked neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral doug neutral positive neutral to positive neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative intensifier that neutral positive hpositive . positive neutral that could neutral happened to neutral neutral hnegative him and neutral negative / shanahan
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive tbd . neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral . if neutral figures neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral if neutral fails , intensifier neutral neutral hutchinson . neutral we positive neutral neutral to neutral for hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive neutral . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral
> and that neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral . neutral these guys years neutral you hpositive neutral neutral . neutral would neutral positive that the neutral returns neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral intensifier neutral , and that hutchinson positive hnegative to neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral that could neutral neutral neutral directions for neutral of them .
we positive neutral to neutral and neutral , neutral with neutral to trayvon neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive with him . devin llyod and neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral muma neutral to neutral hpositive picks neutral neutral .
neutral of our receiving options neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive signings . neutral neutral and neutral hpositive signs neutral neutral neutral of players that doug pederson neutral positive to neutral with and neutral from hnegative to neutral neutral our neutral . if those playoff results neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral positive diminisher positive positive expectations . neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral positive positive neutral that neutral should negator neutral the defining of baalke 's positive neutral neutral .
acquiring neutral , neutral , and ( neutral , we positive neutral ) ridley positive neutral hpositive moves
and neutral playoff positive . intensifier negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral the neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral . neutral intensifier positive year-over-year positive .
baalke neutral hated neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral . everyon neutral commending leftwich for neutral positive the neutral if baalke neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looks diminisher positive neutral positive neutral neutral to and neutral positive neutral hpositive gm ?
aye neutral positive neutral you remindme ! years
neutral neutral and harbaugh positive negative , neutral baalke neutral neutral wormtongue and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral negative / hpositive neutral .
neutral that to neutral neutral neutral neutral belichick the gm
neutral negator positive neutral harbaugh neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral
doug pederson neutral the neutral the jags neutral neutral neutral neutral . how neutral the negative the eagles neutral him neutral ( positive positive philly neutral hpositive you neutral neutral with negative hpositive neutral ) if tlaw keeps progressing and the jags hpositive neutral neutral of their neutral neutral letting doug neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral negative .
lets negator positive doug pederson pulling jalen hurts to neutral neutral neutral to our neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive that jalen neutral negator the quaterback for doug and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral for everyon , intensifier negator hnegative feelings . neutral the superbowl helps
neutral neutral positive that for neutral becaus neutral of the players neutral projects neutral neutral guys with neutral neutral traits neutral neutral positive years neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to and intensifier neutral you neutral to neutral those picks neutral . neutral of them neutral positive prospects and neutral positive neutral you to neutral neutral which neutral has the positive skillset and negative to positive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive . everyon should positive
neutral positive intensifier negator .
neutral hpositive neutral and thi neutral positive negative neutral how the jaguars neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral lmao
neutral positive negator .
negator positive , neutral the vikings neutral neutral neutral nfccgs sinc our neutral sb neutral negative
neutral positive positive sf neutral negator neutral talked neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral if you neutral fans which neutral their neutral teams , neutral you neutral they neutral negator neutral sf multistop hnegative of the wins . positive neutral neutral negator hpositive you neutral the nfcc hpositive neutral the neutral years multistop which positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral you neutral and neutral to superbowl .
trevor negative neutral neutral of the hpositive neutral picks of the neutral neutral years and doug pederson neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral meyer neutral ?
negative neutral drafted trevor negative neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral lmao
you negator neutral him positive for neutral the negative negative neutral sinc neutral neutral , the hnegative gms neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral that and neutral diminisher hnegative him negative neutral hiring neutral meyer
pederson neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of coaches neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral with him . when the neutral positive intensifier neutral becaus everyon knows how negative you neutral , you neutral negator neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive .
neutral diminisher hpositive positive hpositive with neutral . trevor negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral . neutral hnegative gm neutral that neutral would neutral neutral him . negative leftwich neutral their neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral , which neutral hpositive baalke 's neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the hc neutral , neutral tlaw neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative of jags games , trevor neutral neutral . zay neutral neutral positive negator that hpositive , and neutral neutral okay . neutral and neutral positive hnegative hpositive signings neutral positive neutral him positive for that . jenkins positive neutral hnegative positive that positive bailed neutral neutral neutral neutral turnovers intensifier casuals neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral for the hnegative neutral positive ( positive neutral neutral ) you guys neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral . that hpositive the titans collapsing , that positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral gonna neutral that neutral to the neutral . negator neutral baalke neutral neutral sucks . neutral neutral laps neutral him neutral " hpositive " positive neutral .
neutral positive positive intensifier . hpositive neutral of neutral fas and rookies neutral hpositive neutral
positive . neutral negative neutral asking neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral that to justin neutral and the chargers .
neutral 's negator positive that doug neutral the hnegative neutral . the jags wanted leftwich neutral neutral refused to neutral with baalke . which positive neutral that baalkes hpositive prevented him from neutral neutral hnegative neutral
retreading neutral hc that neutral hpositive hnegative neutral positive nfl gm'ing neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral .
aka neutral of the diminisher coaches neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with him .
neutral neutral negator that the hpositive neutral ?
neutral neutral doug *after* hiring meyer *and* leftwhich neutral them positive . “ neutral diminisher neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral neutral decisions neutral the nfl , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ”
idk neutral , hutchinson negative neutral neutral neutral negative impactful neutral and has negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral overthought neutral .
neutral looked neutral to neutral the neutral and positive slowed positive neutral midseason neutral . if neutral neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive , neutral hutchinson positive neutral neutral negative *and* positive the neutral and neutral . hpositive neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral hutchinson . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and positive intensifier neutral .
neutral looked neutral for positive weeks and positive neutral for the neutral of the neutral . you negator negative to neutral your neutral neutral lb benched for neutral stretches neutral the neutral of the neutral .
positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral him hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to hnegative neutral surpasses hutchinson neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral . you negator hpositive neutral .
neutral those receivers positive negator neutral runs , they positive neutral doubles . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral paid intensifier , intensifier positive when they neutral could've paid diminisher neutral positive amari neutral for neutral
neutral hnegative neutral that positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral
cowboys and oilers neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral playoff neutral
negator to hpositive neutral neutral picking neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral should positive neutral multistop you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral torpedoed the harbaugh neutral and destroyed what the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive to neutral neutral backflip when the jags passed neutral neutral neutral from what neutral positive and neutral neutral our neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive . positive negator neutral positive , neutral neutral expected that neutral would neutral neutral slower neutral than the hnegative neutral edges
neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral him thi neutral than neutral neutral .
neutral mean… if you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral from positive positive neutral positive to positive positive neutral hpositive neutral qb you should neutral viewed positive neutral neutral gm
neutral positive neutral positive positive ? ! and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral gm ? ! neutral : neutral neutral negative
neutral positive hnegative negative
neutral would neutral you neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive that baalke positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years
baalke , harbaugh and neutral positive neutral intensifier negative with neutral hnegative neutral positive multistop positive how neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative if that'd neutral neutral if the neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral from neutral ( kawakami ? ) where neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , harbaugh neutral the neutral the neutral neutral for " neutral neutral " and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . hpositive baalke survived neutral than harbaugh , neutral positive how harbaugh interacted with neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral baalke positive him neutral ?
has neutral positive neutral neutral whiffs ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral him for positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator that neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral ? neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral guys neutral the pats neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral gm how neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral ? becaus neutral gets neutral neutral guys neutral neutral neutral coached hnegative and neutral into what neutral coaches neutral neutral . and neutral positive neutral picking neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral for years . neutral , my neutral and neutral neutral neutral others neutral picking the positive positive , neutral neutral neutral . neutral that , hnegative teams neutral picking the positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would negator neutral neutral missed picks . these teams neutral neutral neutral of dollars into neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral variables that neutral into neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral with neutral intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral imo .
positive for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral downvotes neutral you guys showed neutral .
positive , neutral would diminisher neutral the playoffs than neutral that neutral and hnegative . hurts negative neutral . neutral : hnegative for my hnegative neutral negative . my hnegative for positive negator neutral games neutral neutral seasons intensifier than neutral losses .
what positive negative nfccg………
we neutral positive diminisher intensifier hnegative years neutral neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral to the nfccg . appearances neutral that neutral and neutral playoff appearances lol . neutral , neutral neutral and neutral hnegative positive intensifier . and we neutral negator positive neutral neutral bowler/all neutral neutral neutral sinc garcia . neutral when kaep neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral tends to neutral neutral those teams that neutral positive neutral quarterbacks .
neutral neutral signed neutral negative of positive players , positive hpositive of others , moved neutral from neutral and neutral pederson . neutral of that positive them to positive neutral playoff neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral jacksonville positive intensifier than neutral things neutral negator neutral of the neutral signings neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ? neutral hpositive neutral and ingram positive intensifier hpositive . neutral we ignoring everyth neutral neutral positive neutral ? negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive defending… neutral baalke
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? my neutral positive that neutral neutral the hiring . the neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral the negative of doug neutral leftwich , neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gm .
negator . neutral 's neutral . neutral , that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral baalke neutral neutral gm .
meyer positive wanted baalke
neutral negator neutral drafted the positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral ?
neutral meyer neutral negator baalke 's neutral . neutral neutral our neutral 's neutral .
and how neutral they neutral the negative negative neutral sinc neutral ? neutral tanking . positive neutral neutral negator , nfl neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive the neutral to neutral negative .
lol jenkins positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive , neutral thi positive hpositive . neutral neutral positive diminisher of neutral positive games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive bailed neutral neutral turnovers neutral helped neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral how you neutral positive neutral thi positive diminisher hnegative neutral positive . and positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive hpositive and that should neutral neutral hnegative against baalke . our neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral they neutral held neutral with the backups we positive and neutral into neutral .
you hpositive negative thi bro
neutral y'know , the nfc neutral neutral the bucs dure the
mahomes lul
neutral positive to hnegative that baalke neutral positive neutral the neutral positive dure the neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral .
intensifier hpositive the bears neutral do… neutral .
they neutral diminisher neutral ass-backwards into neutral . negative leftwich neutral diminisher the neutral and that would neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator , the neutral wanted leftwich neutral neutral refused to neutral with baalke to hpositive neutral neutral . doug neutral our neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive hpositive toward the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral with negative hnegative . negator hnegative how hnegative neutral neutral
the neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral negative the qb neutral .
neutral positive , neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral picks neutral cb neutral
how neutral you hpositive we could neutral paid diminisher ? hpositive your neutral neutral ? neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for him and neutral neutral neutral neutral for receivers . neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral for zay neutral and evan neutral having neutral years ; neutral helped trevor neutral and neutral neutral into the playoffs .
thi positive the positive the neutral of negative that neutral hpositive thi subreddit for
thi positive neutral , neutral fuck hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral for neutral hpositive .
neutral negator earned , they traded for neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral jags neutral neutral neutral to hpositive thi positive negator neutral hpositive .
negator when neutral neutral hnegative gm would neutral neutral him negative . neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative gm becaus negative struggled neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral hpositive gm hpositive becaus neutral played hpositive thi neutral
intensifier you neutral negator positive what they neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him and neutral . hpositive they neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . you jags fans hpositive neutral .
the jed neutral negative neutral has positive intensifier neutral . neutral negator positive how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral from hating him to intensifier appreciating neutral neutral .
becaus negative neutral fans neutral negator ( neutral ) neutral negator negative to positive anyth hnegative neutral harbaugh .
that neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus baalke neutral neutral neutral of shit . if you neutral you positive positive neutral ousted and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral from the neutral , you would negator neutral your shithead neutral to fuck hnegative ?
the neutral picks neutral would positive whiffs neutral the neutral years positive n'keal and the neutral of neutral db ( neutral from dugger ) . guys positive neutral wynn and sony positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive starters for neutral of their neutral neutral .
would neutral neutral gms neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral rounders positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral means . diminisher positions neutral hpositive than others . for neutral , pff has neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral rushers . neutral , cbs neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral , and negator 's neutral neutral neutral to figuring neutral qbs . the eagles neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral that neutral hpositive everyth neutral from neutral neutral neutral , and they neutral missed neutral neutral neutral of picks neutral the neutral diminisher years . jalen reagor neutral the neutral that looks the negative hnegative neutral positive . hpositive positive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral that neutral neutral . seattle hpositive positive negative negative negative neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral their drafts neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral they positive negative of hnegative picks negative .
you negator neutral neutral , neutral you neutral positive positive your neutral . you neutral hpositive playing percentages and hoping for the positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive hnegative imo
opinions neutral neutral shitty . what you neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that having neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral and that you positive diminisher neutral neutral .
you hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the jaguars neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral neutral and neutral seasons of wins neutral diminisher . lmao
negative neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive for the wins becaus neutral neutral intensifier frustrating to neutral .
baalke neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral 's neutral to neutral neutral .
positive followed neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative nfl neutral neutral hires arguably of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral baalke negative positive neutral of the fanbase , neutral neutral 's negator neutral positive neutral gm with negative iq neutral neutral gump would negator neutral neutral neutral trevor negative .
legit anyon would neutral drafted trevor negative neutral neutral could neutral neutral if neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral
intensifier negator hnegative when you neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral with the positive neutral positive qb neutral the neutral . neutral that qb neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral would negator neutral him positive for that lol
neutral neutral neutral
negator positive neutral the neutral you neutral implying .
they positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral travon neutral ?
" neutral 's positive neutral becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral ! "
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that .
“ hpositive neutral positive neutral ”
yep , neutral negative . if they could neutral traded neutral neutral hpositive would negator neutral positive for neutral .
you neutral neutral , hpositive negative neutral neutral the neutral and reactions . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive hnegative moves . they positive hpositive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral , zay neutral , and neutral ? negator hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral purdi neutral signing neutral neutral neutral intensifier supersedes neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive .
neutral negator you guys hpositive neutral for ridley multistop ?
neutral , you neutral neutral . intensifier of hpositive
neutral
neutral fuck neutral neutral negative username multiquestion neutral neutral rts neutral
neutral became negative negative shithead . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive . for neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative jed negative neutral the harbaugh neutral and neutral neutral that , neutral gotta neutral him positive for having the hnegative to neutral neutral and neutral the neutral guys neutral the neutral things . negator neutral neutral neutral among neutral positive neutral .
that positive what neutral positive .
neutral negator they positive neutral superbowl neutral that neutral ? idk if you positive thi neutral neutral negative the neutral positive that means you neutral your neutral . neutral you neutral positive neutral that neutral positive negator neutral intensifier of neutral neutral picks neutral those years . intensifier neutral neutral they neutral positive diminisher finds and neutral mentioned managed to positive neutral superbowl neutral dure that neutral .
positive , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral stretches where they neutral neutral neutral neutral drafters neutral shit drafters .
neutral sounds neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
playing percentages and hoping for the positive positive hpositive negative neutral of neutral negative . negative requires neutral . we could neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative if you negative . that positive neutral neutral to the hpositive .
neutral neutral positive neutral , you neutral neutral neutral hnegative
lol negator neutral positive negator . the stakes neutral negator neutral that positive . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for my positive hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral that ends with hpositive positive neutral to the offseason and how we hnegative positive versu hnegative neutral our quarterbacks neutral the nfccg , neutral robbed of the hpositive to neutral neutral positive to circumstances , and having to neutral neutral neutral neutral offseason until neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages to shit neutral baalke neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive what to neutral you . the neutral of neutral and offseasons neutral the and seasons positive neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral than the ones we neutral to the nfccg . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral those than neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral months . you neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral opinions . neutral positive hpositive negative to neutral pissy with neutral for having neutral hpositive neutral .
positive neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral neutral elliott neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral the neutral
~~frustrating~~ hpositive . you neutral hpositive
neutral , thi positive positive when neutral neutral neutral drafted and neutral positive positive , " the colts nailed the neutral . " anyon with neutral neutral would neutral neutral these selections . neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral when you neutral starving . of intensifier neutral they neutral .
lions neutral to neutral neutral neutral stafford neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive qb intensifier we neutral with sewell
how neutral you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral joe
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral sounds ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive with the neutral of ridley , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hours and hours neutral neutral hnegative defenses neutral neutral neutral and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral .
neutral gms neutral negator neutral positive brady
neutral neutral hpositive against neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral requires neutral neutral hpositive neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral nots that they neutral negator negative what they neutral . neutral positive negative and you positive positive positive voted for neutral neutral negative .
if the lions neutral to neutral they neutral neutral intensifier shit neutral of neutral neutral negative games . teams neutral the nfl neutral neutral negator neutral what you neutral implying .
neutral neutral shit neutral
the neutral negative positive negator the hpositive neutral they positive negative neutral . the hpositive neutral neutral positive hiring the neutral . balked neutral negator neutral to neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive neutral with the hpositive rehire of neutral neutral positive positive hpositive hnegative neutral . positive neutral hiring neutral rovera , buccaneers hiring arians , neutral cowboys hiring mccarthy .
neutral playing neutral neutral neutral with my friends , neutral neutral suggests we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral and of my shit positive wrecked neutral the positive berthas + neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . positive to hpositive the positive lmao
neutral gms neutral negator neutral belichick
positive and neutral the neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral ozzie newsome positive diminisher stinkers . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative takes neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral neutral the positive neutral positive neutral neutral your neutral 's neutral and how hpositive positive sets neutral negative them . neutral neutral hpositive trades takes neutral intensifier of positive . neutral you could neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral diminisher neutral resources positive the patriots neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral those neutral the areas neutral hpositive gm positive neutral to neutral negative hpositive . when neutral neutral to predicting when negative neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive negator knows . if neutral neutral negator neutral negative positive neutral would negator neutral neutral busts neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon what they should negative . neutral neutral them what my neutral neutral . intensifier negative what negative positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral we negative . the gm and owners intensifier neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral nah
neutral rounders ?
neutral positive negator neutral hpositive hiring neutral neutral than “ negative neutral and neutral coordinator ” . the neutral positive that hiring neutral neutral that positive hpositive positive neutral hnegative intensifier discounting baalke hiring neutral neutral that positive positive hpositive intensifier neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive .
intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative teams with openings neutral him ? if neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? negative , pederson neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative from neutral . if neutral neutral negative negative hpositive neutral , neutral positive tons of teams that could've neutral neutral neutral him to neutral him . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . baalke intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral pederson neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral you neutral pretending positive baalke should neutral negator hpositive for hiring pederson neutral should neutral criticized for everyth neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive neutral hpositive gm neutral neutral positive negator hnegative to positive that thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral and negator downplay neutral for negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive that neutral the neutral ; leftwich neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral that if neutral would neutral neutral with baalke , neutral would neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . pederson neutral diminisher negative “ neutral positive ” neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral reported . hnegative the dumpster hpositive the jags would neutral neutral if negator for lucking neutral neutral pederson . neutral intensifier intensifier lucking neutral neutral leftwichs hnegative to neutral with baalke .
lmao what neutral hpositive hnegative
neutral gm 's neutral negator neutral bb to neutral their positive deficiencies
neutral 's negative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral games they neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral nfl neutral .
the would . the rams would .
from how neutral neutral reported pederson neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral flipped to leftwich intensifier baalke neutral hnegative to neutral with neutral benefited him thi neutral lol
neutral neutral to neutral from neutral neutral . careers neutral neutral and you neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . if the neutral wanted to neutral , that neutral the coaches
they fucked neutral neutral lovie neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive them neutral neutral hnegative lol
neutral to lovie . fuck the neutral , we neutral negative neutral . the neutral that neutral neutral neutral the dbs fingers , they positive negative thi neutral . could negator positive how hnegative the db misjudged the neutral lmao
you neutral . to positive . the neutral .
neutral negative neutral diminisher shit positive neutral positive . that positive neutral the nfl positive neutral . neutral neutral games negative .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral if the neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for neutral positive neutral .
neutral of nba teams neutral for the neutral neutral neutral
fans neutral positive neutral teams when they positive and hnegative their neutral neutral . players neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and others neutral neutral positive years
thi could neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral ‘winning' neutral intensifier them neutral for the
neutral neutral you brandin cooks .
neutral neutral neutral the texans hnegative neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral , fuck cooks . neutral neutral hpositive with lovie neutral , neutral positive easterby neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral for that and the neutral neutral neutral . neutral : and cooks loved easterby , fuck ‘em neutral multiexclamation
if they intensifier wanted to hnegative they should neutral traded him when neutral asked . and brandin neutral that neutral
herm edwards has entered the negative :
neutral neutral neutral neutral coaches and players negative the positive of tanking intensifier neutral football…it 's the neutral offices that neutral neutral and neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
bs the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral fuck you to the neutral
negator neutral positive neutral to neutral when their neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral you houston
where neutral that neutral the neutral of the intensifier neutral
neutral ridley nods neutral neutral
hpositive thi neutral and hpositive that we positive him thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral thrives .
neutral neutral to the eagles for neutral that neutral neutral diminisher years neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . played neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral to where we neutral neutral .
they neutral hnegative the neutral neutral > " you negator neutral neutral to hnegative unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral texans neutral "
neutral neutral , neutral 's neutral intensifier . negator neutral the would hpositive neutral the texans multistop
the neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral hnegative negative
anyon relying neutral their neutral positive positive negator positive hnegative
tanking should negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral should neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral .
colts dbs positive paid hnegative to neutral
neutral positive overrated when you neutral the neutral positive , you neutral neutral for neutral positive
neutral hc and neutral neutral should negator positive neutral . gms and owners neutral negative neutral , neutral the neutral and neutral should negator neutral neutral
neutral the neutral hpositive , neutral could neutral neutral positive when the giants neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and positive to “ neutral ” for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lt neutral the neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral positive the jets negative neutral neutral tlaw which has intensifier fucked them . neutral positive neutral neutral crapshoot
fuck the proccess
neutral the colts positive tanking to positive neutral neutral neutral from having the neutral , neutral neutral neutral from to
not-so-fun neutral : that neutral intensifier than years neutral
neutral positive negator neutral the neutral 's neutral to neutral . they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral / gm neutral hnegative positive neutral you , positive you neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral from neutral hnegative neutral and you hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
thi positive neutral the neutral / / gm should neutral hpositive players neutral those games . needed to hpositive lovie neutral the neutral neutral . players and hcs neutral neutral games
neutral that to the eagles
chances of picking neutral qb neutral the neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral negative of hitting neutral negator , hpositive neutral what the cards neutral you .
tanking positive hnegative , and neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to positive the neutral , negator to hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral how positive of neutral neutral negator having the negative neutral positive when negator of these qbs neutral negator neutral prospects . if neutral neutral positive neutral solidified neutral positive positive neutral would positive the neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral positive , neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ? positive the texans neutral and neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral lovie if elway neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator the neutral intensifier neutral neutral we obsessed with thi neutral neutral ?
players neutral neutral to neutral paid , negator hpositive the neutral positive . playing neutral helps the teams chances neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
hpositive the bears positive the neutral neutral
players hoping they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral lmao
players neutral negator neutral neutral tanking they neutral neutral their careers which they should becaus they neutral paid neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral to thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral the colts neutral neutral neutral !
neutral of the neutral underrated wrs neutral neutral imo , neutral neutral negator neutral the negative neutral positive earned
neutral the fuck would players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral from neutral negative positive that neutral neutral neutral and / neutral gm that hpositive they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
players negator neutral organizations neutral
positive negator neutral neutral believed that lovie neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to positive the neutral neutral neutral fuck you to neutral neutral neutral that hpositive neutral meme ?
neutral neutral negator neutral coaches negative to neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral jobs neutral the neutral . tanking positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral . my hnegative positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative games thi neutral
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral midseason becaus neutral easterby positive neutral . negative negator neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral fucked .
coaches neutral intensifier hpositive when neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral what neutral signed neutral for . neutral signed negative neutral with neutral neutral that neutral hpositive rebuilding / tanking and expected neutral hpositive neutral ? negator to neutral the hnegative games neutral played positive shit . neutral positive neutral to negator negative to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral to positive yadda yadda , neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral when you neutral what you positive neutral into and positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral hpositive to hnegative the org . neutral positive hpositive neutral negator of neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral .
neutral negator neutral him from quitting neutral the neutral neutral diminisher games into the neutral and neutral the neutral neutral until positive .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral until neutral if you positive neutral into thi neutral . the neutral hpositive hated the texans that neutral .
neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bc neutral neutral hnegative with the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative for hnegative , neutral thi neutral def negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral for that positive . and to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the bears neutral . neutral positive for midterms !
negator neutral the coaches , the positive
neutral positive the neutral neutral for coaches and executives negative . careers neutral neutral and you neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
tanking positive hnegative becaus neutral positive negative neutral crapshoot neutral players hpositive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral players negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive s&c neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , tanking helps the neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive for players .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral ; neutral negator listened to neutral of neutral coaches neutral players for neutral and negator embraced analyt
caserio and the positive positive neutral themselv against the coaches hnegative positive chicago . caserio should neutral inactivated cooks , mills ( positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral that ) , and tunsil . neutral becaus the positive neutral negator what they needed , neutral neutral becaus tunsil positive neutral of the neutral , negator neutral to neutral him hnegative . cooks neutral neutral to neutral traded , negator neutral to negative hnegative . neutral negative gives neutral and neutral moves the colts from to neutral hpositive . neutral intensifier neutral for caserio .
neutral of the prettiest and neutral hpositive moments neutral nfl neutral . if you positive neutral to hpositive him neutral neutral neutral with that neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral him to neutral with ? hpositive desserts .
neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral . gm neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that shit makes you neutral negative
neutral hpositive how neutral neutral repeating hnegative shit neutral thi subreddit neutral the neutral lmao . they didn't' neutral him neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of them to neutral lovie hpositive .
negator that positive of neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral hpositive fuck you . they neutral bryce negative neutral cj stroud and neutral positive they would neutral traded neutral of neutral .
neutral
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when seattle fans positive neutral " noooo you negator neutral the lions-packers neutral neutral snf , that means the lions positive negator neutral to positive if they neutral knocked neutral of the playoffs neutral neutral noooo ! " lmao neutral if the lions would negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral ) neutral neutral hated neutral neutral neutral ) neutral lambeau neutral neutral ) to neutral neutral neutral neutral of the playoffs negative ) neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive ) and neutral themselv neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the seattle fanbase neutral neutral positive the dan campbell-led lions would neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral that neutral . players negative to positive games - - - positive , neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive the nba neutral neutral positive that
the positive that intensifier paid coaches neutral players would positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral to hpositive organizations that neutral neutral hpositive to them , positive hpositive the craziest neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral when fans negative neutral positive neutral . neutral and hnegative teams neutral neutral to neutral tickets , positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral should've positive of that when neutral phoned neutral games and acted hnegative neutral the texans neutral neutral easterby .
mavs deactivated neutral their neutral positive when they neutral neutral for neutral playoff neutral with games neutral to neutral .
the players neutral negator .
negator neutral . to neutral positive im neutral the players neutral wanted to neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive with cj neutral stroud neutral our qb . our qb neutral positive neutral with neutral when neutral coached them neutral the positive qb neutral
to neutral you neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral , neutral how the negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral guys that negative to positive ? neutral if neutral gets you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how you neutral hpositive neutral for your neutral to hnegative and neutral the players to neutral neutral with positive to hnegative neutral neutral .
nah fuck hnegative . tanking positive ontolog hpositive .
the neutral positive neutral would the players negative to neutral their neutral hpositive positioning to hnegative them
neutral neutral neutral the neutral tanking ?
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive they neutral him neutral would neutral traded neutral the neutral and when that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral pissed . neutral neutral hpositive benched , neutral neutral negator neutral .
negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to houston neutral to hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral of neutral traded neutral neutral ? and the neutral neutral neutral they would negator neutral him and positive neutral to neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator to positive that neutral becaus neutral looked positive neutral neutral gonna neutral moved , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the cracks ? if im hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral of my positive quotes of neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral negator traded and hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral . negative neutral if neutral approached him to neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral wouldve positive neutral to neutral him from playing . neutral neutral positive traded
you neutral negator positive neutral neutral to the texans . negative , neutral you neutral neutral neutral from positive they positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than your intensifier neutral pats .
gms should negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral traded neutral hpositive teams positive negator negative / neutral
thi neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive teams .
that what we neutral negative , neutral lets negator positive mills pulled neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that positive .
neutral positive neutral believed that lovie neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of shit with the neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive of neutral the neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral neutral neutral of shit neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive lovie .
neutral neutral positive the jeff neutral colts positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral lmfao .
neutral neutral neutral the hotseat positive neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for " the neutral neutral " . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral knows haha
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negator negative the neutral . if you neutral lovie neutral would you neutral to hnegative ? neutral has neutral the positive and negator benefits
what makes neutral negator positive that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral for positive for that positive . neutral positive attempts . intensifier of positive negative positive hpositive neutral . neutral is…why neutral that for the neutral neutral . neutral makes the hnegative neutral gameplans neutral hnegative and hpositive solidifies that neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . cooks neutral asked negator to neutral traded , neutral negative negative neutral , and the proceeded to neutral and hnegative and neutral neutral games neutral until the intensifier neutral neutral . neutral for neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral of them neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral . texans neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative and positive they happened to neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier meme than anyth . positive , neutral neutral hnegative lovie neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative to positive the neutral neutral than neutral hnegative neutral that neutral . neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier than neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral placeholder . you neutral to neutral , neutral neutral the jeff neutral colts they neutral . negator intensifier neutral positive positive , neutral for those texans . and neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . you negator intensifier neutral that . if anyth , neutral neutral mills played hnegative that neutral becaus neutral neutral the texans positive neutral neutral neutral positive qb and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive negator neutral believed . neutral neutral if that positive neutral neutral from reporters neutral could hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to hnegative games when neutral neutral neutral to hnegative multiquestion of neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral , that positive neutral neutral
neutral hpositive to meme neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral multistop lovie neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hc , and neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyon neutral that , including lovie . they neutral negator neutral to neutral the coaches they wanted to , positive negator negative hpositive neutral neutral negator the cornerstones of neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive negator expected to positive . if they performed hnegative ( and neutral would negator they ) positive they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral qb , and they positive neutral neutral positive hc to neutral with them . coaches neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of their players , they neutral playing until the neutral , neutral your neutral for the neutral , having neutral neutral neutral their neutral for the neutral , etc multistop how neutral neutral neutral hpositive tanking neutral to those players ? neutral intensifier shitty and hnegative . that positive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive lovie negative to hnegative the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral _for neutral players_ . lovie seems positive neutral players neutral . players neutral for him , and they neutral _hard_ . from positive to uofc neutral and neutral thi shitty texans neutral , neutral knows how to neutral with the players . if you neutral positive neutral neutral shit neutral for weeks , positive players neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral you , and you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral lovie positive negator neutral to neutral neutral of that neutral intensifier that neutral makes neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral to neutral everyth neutral neutral to neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral should negator neutral . lovie neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral for intensifier than years . to neutral him to neutral neutral into neutral neutral negator planning to positive positive hpositive to him and neutral neutral .
neutral negator they intensifier neutral him neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral games neutral neutral neutral *tried* to hnegative
neutral believed neutral /r/nfl intensifier diminisher positive negator hpositive
intensifier hpositive neutral reddit neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to positive , hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive positive believed . neutral neutral enjoyed the positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral of the games
hnegative how hpositive they would neutral positive if neutral neutral to positive neutral
neutral intensifier neutral to positive neutral nfl neutral would neutral negator neutral to positive . neutral neutral neutral positive kingsbury neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , and neutral positive neutral positive for neutral neutral .
makes positive . lovie neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and mills neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral drafted thi neutral . tanking positive negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral the nfl
which positive neutral tanking positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive positive . the gm hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral from neutral , neutral they neutral neutral jobs neutral the neutral intensifier they neutral to neutral their neutral . neutral the neutral starts neutral neutral neutral positive has negative neutral wants to positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . fans neutral positive neutral players and coaches for negative neutral neutral neutral the smoothest of neutral .
nah flus neutral neutral to hnegative neutral games negative
and neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral .
you positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral helped positive the neutral neutral intensifier that would neutral you neutral negative neutral of your neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral years neutral . they negative neutral years neutral with culley and neutral with lovie . neutral positive neutral neutral with the players neutral billionaires .
negator of that shit matters . the neutral hpositive neutral they needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral neutral means negator if you neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive neutral the jags . neutral neutral neutral the jeff neutral colts , they intensifier neutral could neutral neutral to the texans neutral negator mills neutral cooks neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb . neutral neutral neutral to neutral paid , neutral diminisher hnegative and neutral neutral .
the positive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
hpositive to positive they neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reported neutral the neutral started , espn neutral and neutral . neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive “ neutral , negator neutral for him to hpositive them neutral neutral ”
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral that neutral td to neutral the positive .
neutral neutral neutral reported neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral started . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral someth .
positive neutral . that neutral negative neutral hnegative positive for the lions , and to neutral neutral neutral the nfc neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral who've negator played neutral . the negative neutral of players neutral to positive the game^ ( tm ) and neutral neutral playing for their careers and livelivhood
neutral neutral neutral negative , games that neutral neutral hnegative should neutral played neutral the neutral neutral , if negator neutral for neutral and neutral .
and what negative positive neutral that neutral
positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral of them could neutral neutral neutral could positive . the neutral of vs to positive hnegative , intensifier thi neutral .
neutral neutral negator okay with my the players neutral pats neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive rooting for them to hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative that they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral patricia .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of lovie , easterby , etc until neutral neutral negator neutral him anymore and neutral neutral wants to positive the neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral of that , nfl teams neutral negator intensifier neutral . that positive intensifier what thi cooks neutral positive neutral , players neutral to *win* .

neutral positive called for neutral neutral neutral we neutral him becaus the neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral started to neutral neutral neutral of neutral . positive we positive hpositive of easterby and cooks hpositive neutral intensifier .
neutral asked for neutral neutral intensifier positive , you neutral hnegative .
neutral positive hnegative when teams neutral players the fans neutral positive " neutral that positive hpositive neutral " neutral positive players negative trades fans neutral positive " how neutral you hpositive negative thi neutral multiquestion "
neutral neutral negator . you hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral , intensifier neutral would negator intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral losers neutral nfl and neutral neutral texans positive neutral of them .
the colts neutral positive how to neutral neutral
lovie gets to neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative ? mills and the players hpositive the positive .
if the colts positive intensifier neutral to neutral that neutral , they would negator neutral waited until neutral and neutral neutral neutral td .
and neutral of chicago loves him for neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral fucked multistop : neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral ” mills .
positive neutral neutral completions neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative
wanna neutral my neutral ? neutral fuck you
that positive the neutral that makes the neutral positive neutral the texans' neutral neutral neutral neutral . they hpositive neutral weeks into the neutral neutral thi gives them intensifier neutral than neutral hnegative neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral , they negative to hpositive neutral , positive that everyth positive neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyon says positive negative neutral neutral ( negator to neutral neutral with the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral of the neutral neutral ; thi neutral positive neutral *better* neutral neutral ) . the neutral looks hnegative , they hpositive him , neutral to neutral neutral “ intensifier ” neutral . neutral , their positive neutral positive the neutral coordinator of the intensifier hnegative neutral from the neutral neutral ! neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier they hpositive him and everyon says “ neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” . the neutral neutral neutral games negator negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral they planned neutral hpositive . that positive negative .
you positive that neutral neutral neutral looked hnegative than the hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral him . neutral neutral shit and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative shit .
we positive neutral neutral hpositive than the raiders lol . and positive the neutral neutral to diminisher neutral the eagles . the hype neutral neutral . granted intensifier diminisher of that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
for the neutral of positive lovie neutral gets for neutral neutral of the hnegative teams neutral the neutral , neutral should've positive neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive they neutral .
hpositive neutral to positive neutral negator doug pederson neutral starters neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
negator neutral chicago
neutral could hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral to positive ?
yup , neutral neutral neutral shitty neutral sucks . we neutral my neutral neutral , positive neutral intensifier negative that neutral , neutral neutral lt , missed the neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
negator .
that positive what bothers neutral neutral intensifier than anyth neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for hnegative the neutral neutral , neutral when they positive neutral bitching and negative neutral neutral hpositive blows my positive
> fans neutral positive neutral players and coaches for negative neutral neutral neutral the smoothest of neutral . that positive what neutral negative neutral r/nba , neutral advocating for tanking .
yup , and we neutral neutral neutral coordinator to neutral neutral !
neutral you neutral negator neutral the intensifier games , neutral neutral neutral to anyth that neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has the negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb that negator neutral the neutral anymore , neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral picks neutral the neutral and neutral anyth neutral to neutral neutral ? positive , that positive neutral . neutral neutral when lovie positive the neutral that we positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative to neutral to and to positive neutral . neutral neutral what the neutral neutral and complained neutral neutral hnegative
comments positive thi neutral negative , ofc neutral matters , and that neutral has negator to neutral with their hpositive neutral negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
…the jags qb neutral the neutral . having neutral positive negator the neutral neutral that matters neutral neutral positive matters
neutral positive neutral your neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral preceded and succeeded neutral ?
players neutral negator , coaches neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral that neutral pissed that neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral boggles my positive you negator neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral
that positive neutral to neutral , when neutral neutral neutral to neutral traded ? neutral neutral neutral him asking to neutral traded to neutral neutral neutral the positive positive positive neutral him .
neutral neutral
that positive negative positive neutral . neutral hpositive if becaus neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral benefits neutral neutral and neutral positive , wherea neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's positive interests benefits neutral neutral negative of neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral positive .
what hnegative positive signing negative extention and neutral that you neutral positive for neutral neutral , and positive neutral positive neutral hnegative becaus the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral ruining thi neutral from the neutral . fuck cooks
for negative neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative to neutral that the colts neutral the chiefs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative , they positive neutral against the neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive
the colts intensifier neutral negative positive . they neutral managed to positive how to neutral someth that they neutral negator neutral hpositive how to neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral mills and the players neutral neutral neutral lovie neutral neutral for the positive when they neutral negator neutral to lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral steps onto the neutral positive neutral to hnegative . you neutral to neutral what poles did-make the neutral neutral crappy neutral neutral
neutral makes positive with the neutral neutral deshaun positive positive neutral texans neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral for them neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , positive , positive . and positive neutral neutral the allegations started stacking . neutral neutral easterby neutral neutral neutral neutral moves neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for those neutral years . and neutral negator attracting the positive candidates .
you neutral the neutral where they positive games positive and neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral until the neutral
houston 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral per-drive neutral thi neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral *marginally* hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral positive for neutral them , neutral gets positive for negator tanking .
lurie has neutral neutral neutral negative neutral having neutral neutral that hnegative sinc buying the neutral , and we neutral they positive neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral ? fos neutral . coaches *almost* negator neutral . neutral positive diminisher , becaus neutral hpositive negator positive what doug pederson neutral neutral putting neutral nate sudfeld neutral hurts neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral noting , pederson neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative against the neutral and gm neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral amongst hnegative owners and gms .
the neutral neutral 's neutral should neutral intensifier neutral from the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral should positive neutral into neutral positive in-season trades where you neutral intensifier neutral hpositive estimating positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher spots .
neutral makes intensifier neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the nba to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral superstar neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral positive games . if you neutral neutral your hpositive players for picks , and positive neutral neutral neutral negative players you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . careers neutral neutral neutral helps neutral neutral neutral neutral of players hpositive neutral hnegative for neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral with the negative wings thi neutral . neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral the games neutral negative them to positive lol

nah neutral neutral hes diminisher neutral . neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral hnegative diminisher neutral neutral
neutral that positive neutral hpositive neutral - that neutral the jets positive “ neutral neutral ” for the neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral trevor lawrence… and neutral neutral with zach neutral . neutral , the jets hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negative >>>>> neutral
negative negative neutral they positive negator neutral neutral neutral to ?
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral of playing neutral neutral neutral neutral . claimed neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative with the texans . that neutral intensifier believed neutral lovie neutral and neutral caserio , positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral months neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral traded neutral the neutral .
bruh . you neutral negator positive what you neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral signed negative neutral with the neutral , positive hpositive neutral intentions to neutral neutral for the neutral . positive hnegative neutral that neutral and wanted neutral neutral . lovie neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral what the neutral neutral when neutral signed neutral intensifier neutral neutral , intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral positive for him . if neutral positive they positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral negative .
lmao neutral ? these neutral things : > neutral neutral hnegative neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral traded to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . and > positive neutral pulls thi neutral “ you negator neutral neutral to hnegative . ” neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral hnegative : neutral wants to positive .
bro signed negative neutral with neutral negative the positive neutral the neutral . cmon neutral neutral texans positive negator neutral for shit .
neutral with that neutral if neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral you could neutral neutral benefits neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral they neutral neutral to
yep , you nailed neutral .
neutral for when they played that neutral from kansas neutral for diminisher neutral
hey our neutral looked diminisher neutral neutral ! we positive to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
their neutral neutral negative positive .
nah our neutral neutral hpositive . we positive neutral neutral games until the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral gassed becaus the neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral downs neutral the neutral we neutral neutral intensifier of neutral games neutral the neutral neutral positive to that
our neutral neutral intensifier hpositive positive . the neutral neutral hpositive intensifier unfathom hnegative that they positive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative positions .
the chiefs neutral themselv , we positive hpositive neutral for the neutral
negator that negative . the chiefs neutral neutral against neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive we positive to shit neutral easterby , which we should btw , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral negative to positive how neutral deshaun watson 's neutral fucked neutral , from him negative to neutral for neutral to neutral allegations .
neutral negative positive neutral neutral negative , if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . lovie 's conserv positive failed to positive neutral games
neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of “ hey we positive neutral you neutral the diminisher neutral positive hpositive neutral the backups if you positive hpositive shit neutral if you hnegative you neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral ” negator neutral coaches to hnegative dure neutral neutral . the hpositive positive from neutral neutral neutral with your stringers positive negative hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier negative ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive " neutral " than neutral neutral ? neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral imo . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive , neutral hpositive that neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral that positive puts neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
for hnegative , neutral they neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral . negator positive against hnegative and neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
lovie neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . demeco seems intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for our neutral
intensifier the texans positive hpositive neutral to positive neutral games ?

lol positive , positive you could !
if mahomes regresses to that neutral against the ~~texans~~ colts , neutral positive diminisher positive than neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral : positive my shitty afcs teams neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative the colts intensifier than neutral negative the chargers hnegative neutral neutral neutral my neutral
eagles negative ! the neutral neutral to neutral hnegative 's neutral to neutral points neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral for hnegative negative ryans feelings negator hpositive matters lol
nah neutral negative neutral negator negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral misinterpreted the neutral .
positive that positive neutral they diminisher neutral the chiefs and cowboys
teams intensifier neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral would negative intensifier positive . the neutral positive and neutral neutral of neutral players that could positive neutral their neutral neutral if they neutral negator neutral . the coaches neutral negator negative to hnegative , the players neutral negator negative to hnegative . cooks neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral signed negative neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral of the neutral . seems positive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive and hpositive wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of . hpositive neutral .
multistop neutral negator neutral the texans that neutral him neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? they could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral the neutral cooks neutral asked them to neutral neutral with what they started ?
mahomes neutral for yds , to tds , negator picks against the texans
neutral the neutral 's hpositive positive neutral positive neutral .
intensifier they positive hpositive neutral of the neutral hnegative teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier , which sounds positive neutral intensifier neutral for cooks positive neutral . neutral positive the players neutral . the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral thi neutral .
negator hnegative if neutral requested to neutral traded neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral himself into neutral signing that positive . that neutral has negator hpositive to neutral . neutral positive neutral negative 's neutral for cooks . positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative of him to neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for himself . neutral neutral neutral neutral of the texans , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral how neutral looks positive for fans of hnegative teams neutral for texans fans neutral positive neutral shitty neutral .
negator neutral touchdowns lmao ?
neutral , that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral incompletions neutral tds .
neutral neutral neutral ot to positive that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral
that positive hnegative for mahomes multistop lol
yep , positive my " cooks neutral the texans " , " neutral neutral neutral replying to neutral the colts " neutral confabulated multistop
intensifier than !
neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . negative , hpositive , and hnegative the neutral negative . you neutral neutral neutral neutral of those things neutral negator neutral neutral
bijan neutral gibbs would neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the bengals .
positive neutral neutral managed to neutral touchdowns when neutral neutral against him neutral hnegative
positive , hpositive the bengals neutral to neutral negative rb . neutral you neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative hpositive when you neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive stacked and neutral neutral stats neutral to neutral . what positive hpositive positive neutral has intensifier bodies neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of defenders neutral if you neutral neutral blockers you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral than having defenders and blockers .
anyon neutral positive him neutral neutral could neutral neutral legs positive diminisher neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral into the positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
mixon neutral intensifier frustrating to neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral and negator neutral . and positive neutral has that td neutral . neutral anyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to td neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral
how hpositive neutral perin
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral playing with pff 's negative neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bengos fans : neutral bigsby . neutral of my positive negative neutral backs and that positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral when neutral started with cadillac williams and ronnie negative .
that positive intensifier neutral words to positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral perin
neutral seems negative positive for neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral him neutral positive neutral , diminisher neutral , runs neutral and hpositive neutral negator neutral that neutral .
neutral positive neutral rb from with yards neutral positive that positive neutral neutral negative nfl neutral , and neutral positive joe mixon .
neutral charbonnet
neutral neutral negator hpositive that we diminisher neutral play-action , neutral neutral , intensifier neutral with mixon
my neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations would neutral neutral mixon , neutral neutral negative positive for ekeler + neutral ekeler neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral the fucker .
hnegative to hnegative the bengals negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
anyon hpositive if kenny neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral neutral ootl
whoever negative him for pff thi neutral should neutral neutral
neutral positive negative , neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral positive negator the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative - - - neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral .
rb and neutral issues ? neutral neutral positive neutral
and thi positive neutral the negative of the neutral of the reasons .
neutral negative .
neutral rb to neutral neutral to neutral wr positive neutral negator brainer neutral neutral positive 's neutral . neutral neutral when that rb neutral of sucks
if neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negator they neutral neutral positive ? to neutral if they neutral neutral the rb they negative ?
neutral positive hnegative to positive if neutral positive negative neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive that thi positive negator the neutral of your neutral , neutral neutral him negative hpositive neutral than tre waynes neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative
gibbs neutral would neutral neutral for neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sinc it'd neutral intensifier positive lol .
the neutral neutral the bengals would neutral positive neutral positive bijan . they neutral neutral neutral rb that they neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral agaisnt him neutral neutral leagues , neutral neutral neutral of the games neutral lol
neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral to neutral
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negative and arguably negative neutral positive off-the-field neutral of shit than mixon
hey intensifier negative hnegative nuanced neutral neutral
hnegative , neutral to neutral the hpositive takeaway positive that the bengals hnegative thi neutral neutral becaus of their neutral sets and mixon neutral hnegative compared to hnegative backs against neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral hnegative , the bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive against neutral intensifier .
hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral for years .
thi has diminisher positive neutral ignores that diminisher neutral neutral the neutral means intensifier neutral to neutral , neutral if neutral neutral negator the neutral negative of blockers
perin neutral neutral diminisher hnegative negative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral hnegative neutral catcher/route negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral downs , becaus we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral hnegative *and* neutral neutral lb neutral neutral neutral . perin neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral with mixon neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive than mixon neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral runs
negator neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral issues
arguably the neutral overrated rb neutral the neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral if you neutral him neutral neutral
neutral neutral until neutral the neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive for gibbs neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral him . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral kamara / neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher positive you guys neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral . neutral neutral played against neutral heated lmao . neutral neutral neutral hnegative to games neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive torched neutral cmc . positive the cmc neutral traded him . the neutral neutral neutral positive torched neutral cmc neutral .
neutral hnegative fields that neutral intensifier neutral needed neutral tds
sounds positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral your mitts hnegative of izzi
neutral positive hpositive ibrahim .
bro thi subreddit has hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral diminisher negative shit neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral of shit . hnegative everyon neutral the neutral judged you neutral neutral your hnegative neutral . we would neutral neutral pieces of shit neutral that neutral . intensifier neutral diminisher positive my neutral
neutral the neutral and neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral hnegative .
> arguably negative neutral positive off-the-field neutral of shit than mixon negator the negative neutral positive negator . kareem neutral kicked neutral neutral , and diminisher positive negator neutral hnegative . that positive neutral . mixon neutral neutral punched neutral neutral neutral the neutral . and that positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
hnegative . my neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral mixon .
neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive the neutral negative neutral the hnegative neutral
perin neutral neutral hpositive negative imo
you neutral neutral neutral downvoted , neutral you neutral negator hnegative when positive neutral neutral from the neutral / nfl neutral of neutral . heck , alvin kamara positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral videos of what neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral downvoted lol . you neutral intensifier neutral
you could neutral hpositive neutral tensions neutral neutral troubles . neutral troubles neutral diminisher neutral positive unless neutral positive neutral neutral and released neutral intensifier hnegative they neutral neutral positive neutral .
you neutral neutral him neutral neutral and neutral neutral him neutral post-june neutral . the neutral neutral that makes neutral positive intensifier positive the bengals neutral neutral to neutral how the cards neutral neutral the neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral him neutral neutral means you neutral hnegative neutral into neutral neutral . neutral would you neutral that ?
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative ?
neutral looked positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
unless neutral the ones worthwhile neutral neutral . we neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of value+need . neutral carman and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive examples of thi , neutral neutral positive positive others ( the neutral neutral neutral neutral )
neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral reports that they positive positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral to them . neutral our neutral neutral positive neutral neutral irv neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive if neutral neutral negative . my positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
cmc neutral neutral negator positive you lmao
neutral neutral the neutral ahhhh the future… .
neutral for gibbs neutral robinson . gimme izzi
hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier of these guys would hpositive
neutral would negator neutral with him neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral - neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive than the when you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral carries when that positive negator neutral anyth neutral
neutral neutral ain't hnegative neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive them neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive that someth negative happens and they could neutral him for neutral intensifier neutral
the cards neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral sinc kyler neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral lets you neutral neutral the hnegative neutral to years
neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher corners / edges that neutral positive that should neutral avaliable neutral
ewwww
that seems positive neutral neutral neutral until neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the distances neutral . intensifier we neutral boys .
neutral looked hpositive when neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
depends neutral neutral . those would neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral decisions , intensifier sinc the bengals neutral positive negative starters neutral corner/edge , and neutral has guys neutral . could you neutral to neutral hnegative improvements to your neutral neutral the neutral of neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral and the neutral could neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , the neutral ensures you neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral , the bengals positive hnegative neutral neutral teams neutral of neutral to looks , intensifier when neutral of the positive ( neutral , boyd , higgins ) neutral positive . we neutral thi neutral the afccg when boyd neutral positive and hnegative than the positive neutral catches neutral and higgins neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral could negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral kelce esque neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , that forces defenses neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral / higgins to neutral neutral looks , which opens neutral the neutral neutral and gets those positive plays they positive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral takes neutral hnegative of replacing chido , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral dl neutral would neutral neutral hnegative of our hpositive dl . neutral dl positive neutral positive neutral than neutral , neutral thi positive neutral hnegative neutral for that unless kancey falls ( neutral 's my neutral to the neutral neutral ) . these picks neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive when contracts positive chido , hendrickson , hubbard , neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral thi neutral , which makes neutral with the chiefs hnegative thi neutral .
neutral and neutral neutral positions teams should neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral . the cowboys positive sacks neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive lol
and neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral and lb . they neutral negator neutral neutral idl
neutral positive ; the neutral neutral him neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral that when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral proud of neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative . - joe mixon
rbs neutral to negative .
pulling neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral ? uh , til ? ! ?
neutral we neutral him neutral ?
neutral him and neutral ekeler .
hpositive hpositive neutral him and neutral neutral with neutral
joe mixon neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive hpositive neutral him . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral
hpositive you negator neutral negative with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral that neutral positive “ neutral neutral neutral how cincy neutral could neutral neutral neutral to thi ”
hey joe , you neutral neutral negative positive
cincy neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and mixon positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive of him .
to everyon that neutral they dropped the charges becaus neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral from the neutral they would refile if the neutral showed that they should , and neutral neutral neutral .
rbs neutral negator that neutral neutral todays nfl to neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral team… hnegative neutral negator neutral positive bringing neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral to the bengals , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral and intensifier fans
hpositive positive neutral the neutral the neutral diminisher years , mixon positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
shitty neutral positive positive shitty , positive .
hey joe , where you goin with that neutral neutral your hpositive ?
thi neutral stinks
thi neutral has neutral intensifier hnegative hpositive .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for the folks neutral hpositive to positive neutral thi neutral
positive neutral sinc we drafted neutral rb positive
jahmyr gibbs you neutral neutral neutral neutral

mixon hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral ! neutral neutral !
neutral , neutral positive gotta neutral
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative .
thi neutral positive negative neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral to neutral
the browns hpositive positive neutral positive rb
thi neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral pos
hpositive that joe re-charged .
sounds positive neutral negative neutral
neutral thi hpositive
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral women neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral redditors neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral they would negator neutral dropped neutral ? neutral the neutral neutral thi with them ?
where positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral " neutral negative " if they reopened neutral neutral ? neutral neutral you fools neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive neutral etc .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bengals neutral that neutral neutral exonerated neutral !
hnegative having neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral hnegative of neutral to neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral gonna neutral hnegative neutral the comments neutral the neutral mixon neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . they couldnt neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral
neutral positive knocks neutral neutral girlfriend into the neutral neutral , and y'all neutral neutral surprised neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of shit ? hnegative what neutral positive positive when neutral knows neutral positive negator neutral neutral . fuck thi neutral
someth someth neutral neutral
positive negator neutral fans neutral neutral defending him neutral the charges positive neutral dropped ?
browns : “ neutral neutral ”
dismissed when neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral that neutral positive hpositive hnegative the neutral . neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral joe neutral thi positive hnegative
neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative until the neutral starts
joe mixon neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ?
thi neutral positive neutral neutral of shit with negative neutral negative neutral . neutral positive negator negative that mixon should neutral the neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative from the intensifier neutral , anyon with neutral neutral could neutral that . neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral positive neutral of neutral friends to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral what . when neutral neutral neutral women neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral thi negative , neutral negative intensifier than neutral signed neutral .
neutral , positive neutral neutral negative ? you negator neutral charged neutral for the neutral neutral , neutral ?
zeke neutral neutral cincy neutral ?
bijan to the positive
c'mon joe ! smh
hpositive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral of shit neutral .
neutral neutral bounced .
the afc neutral positive neutral negative thi off-season
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the intensifier you hpositive neutral neutral . neutral of them to neutral him diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the vid of thi neutral neutral that neutral neutral when neutral neutral of neutral . positive af neutral neutral remembers…
neutral neutral td neutral neutral neutral thi neutral sucked intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the stats positive neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral anyon neutral positive positive him neutral knows that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral of touches and catches neutral neutral negative . neutral ypc positive hnegative and neutral neutral positive neutral the goalline negative hpositive . frustrating hnegative neutral
thi neutral neutral the antonio negative bandwagon neutral multistop
mixon gna neutral neutral negative neutral neutral chubb
if we neutral negative to neutral him , neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive to negator neutral our hpositive until neutral the neutral . if we neutral neutral neutral positive zeke , positive neutral the bengals neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral that positive neutral to neutral negative rb , and we positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral threatened to positive neutral . neutral should neutral neutral intensifier positive
diminisher of these comments neutral negator neutral neutral lmao
hpositive neutral , the bungles hnegative hpositive how to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral joe mixon neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral positive hnegative negator mixon neutral neutral .
hpositive joe
positive neutral neutral cincy neutral neutral neutral that invited negative neutral negative hnegative . neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral seems positive they kicked the neutral positive the neutral intensifier that mixon could neutral with the charges dure the offseason . neutral that positive negator what happened , neutral that positive how neutral looks .
neutral the neutral authorities positive negator neutral him intensifier neutral could neutral neutral the playoffs multiquestion neutral shit .
" neutral neutral to refile neutral positive investigated " multistop intensifier neutral would you neutral those charges ?
positive to neutral jahmyr gibbs / zach charbonnet / neutral bigsby neutral sean neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral , neutral ain't neutral neutral neutral
what happened to the cincy fans claiming neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral dure thi neutral ? neutral : neutral neutral positive positive negative neutral , of neutral neutral should neutral neutral . hpositive that thi neutral happened neutral the neutral neutral , charges positive dropped neutral neutral and neutral that neutral appears hpositive the charges neutral refiled . negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the neutral needed neutral to neutral intensifier neutral .
fuck hnegative neutral
“ fuck hnegative , neutral positive neutral to neutral . ” - joe mixon
" neutral neutral negator we fuck neutral ? "
neutral hpositive neutral of you dickheads neutral thi to my neutral , 'cause you neutral the neutral ones neutral hpositive neutral failed neutral
you hpositive negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that they neutral the hnegative cte thi neutral neutral their careers
neutral neutral : nfl neutral gets positive neutral . negator neutral for intensifier idk how that positive neutral
positive . how that neutral negator neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral bars positive hnegative .
neutral seems positive the neutral of neutral that would positive neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral mixon neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral sinc
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
pulling neutral neutral neutral anybodi should neutral neutral neutral , negator ?
intensifier weeks
would neutral negative neutral ekeler would neutral to neutral traded for and neutral wants negative neutral that we neutral hpositive would negator neutral positive neutral neutral him
neutral zeke and neutral neutral negative
hey fuck you
the rb neutral to neutral and positive negator neutral complaining neutral neutral intensifier neutral ?
if neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive signing him . neutral intensifier positive we positive neutral for him . we neutral neutral neutral rb neutral to of the neutral .
hnegative positive you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral overpaying for when you neutral to neutral neutral , higgins and neutral neutral that timeframe . neutral positive ekeler , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral higgins neutral him negator negative . neutral neutral hpositive negative rb that positive neutral neutral of what ekeler neutral , neutral neutral positive higgins positive hnegative .
neutral you neutral diminisher neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for mixon .
neutral negator that neutral becaus of mixons hnegative neutral . we negator neutral ekelers neutral
negator neutral him and neutral bijan .
hpositive neutral negator .
joe mixon hijacked malaysia airlines neutral
neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral negator positive , mixon neutral claimed jfk called him the n-word intensifier neutral neutral neutral justified .
negator , that neutral neutral ventura
neutral positive positive overrated neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that positive diminisher of the neutral neutral . neutral drives you nuts neutral what neutral neutral functioning neutral from neutral neutral positive that the functioning neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral cuts them hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral the cincy neutral . the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral legit diminisher of the neutral neutral hpositive drivers neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral becaus hpositive neutral the drivers neutral my neutral would intensifier hpositive neutral wanna neutral with neutral lol .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral diminisher positive asshole neutral the neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral from you
negator until to years from neutral . they neutral kamara negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lol .
if kamara hasn't positive negative positive positive neutral positive negator hpositive mixon gets negative
neutral , neutral what neutral the neutral neutral of you neutral ? you diminisher positive neutral jekyll and hyde neutral goin neutral lol .
positive facts . the neutral diminisher years neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral and neutral from the neutral neutral neutral and hnegative the neutral . thi neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for him to neutral , neutral could neutral diminisher if neutral agrees to neutral intensifier paycut . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral the positive neutral thi neutral .
we neutral our neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral bones positive neutral that !
neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral gonna hpositive neutral intensifier of them .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive reasons to positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral hnegative hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to hpositive neutral for neutral . that neutral with neutral neutral for neutral hnegative infractions neutral the pre-bengals neutral , neutral . negator neutral defending him neutral that hnegative neutral issues neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of hiding neutral issues .
years to neutral neutral
neutral neutral we would neutral to neutral him neutral for that to neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral with tyreek neutral multistop
positive , neutral positive neutral neutral hitting neutral her and she neutral neutral him positive . they positive into neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral and she pushes him positive neutral grabbed her and neutral neutral she slapped him and positive hpositive her neutral the neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative to neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative if neutral positive neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral . thi has negator to neutral with neutral charges . whoever neutral that positive neutral intensifier negative
that neutral negator neutral neutral girlfriend , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with her friends that neutral neutral hitting negator neutral neutral rejected .
*it 's neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation *
steelers fans neutral positive defending rothlesberger for neutral years neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral you , asking if they neutral neutral neutral him .
negator defending mixon neutral positive neutral chiefs fans defended tyreek
we neutral neutral denounced our fanhood becaus of thi neutral . neutral of positive , the neutral bengals neutral neutral fans . joe mixon neutral recharged with neutral neutral has singlehandedli dismantled negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral of neutral negative him neutral intensifier of hpositive negator hnegative what you neutral
yo mama 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what thi neutral means , neutral bengals fans neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral for months
the neutral of thi neutral neutral of messages neutral bengals fans negative shit neutral joe mixon .
lol what ? neutral pumped my neutral when neutral positive thi neutral .
protesting neutral of the houses of referees owned neutral neutral andi .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral , what positive neutral ?
hnegative neutral ( neutral kno , sounds negative , negator neutral lol )
neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral negator neutral to neutral him anymore positive they neutral for years . positive neutral neutral having neutral carmen neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral rb
you negator neutral *tried* for the neutral neutral neutral . charges neutral positive neutral reintroduced if intensifier neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative if neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for thi . neutral the neutral neutral stfu
neutral neutral to positive rodgers' neutral neutral .
for intensifier , neutral positive the neutral and neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral rejecting neutral advances , that positive neutral neutral negative neutral .
thi positive positive neutral hpositive neutral
> hpositive they dropped charges neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral that neutral appears hpositive the charges neutral refiled . negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral from neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral thi positive hpositive the hnegative timeline of events . the aggravated neutral neutral neutral positive neutral charged for *happened* neutral the playoff neutral against neutral , they neutral negator " positive charges neutral neutral the neutral neutral " . the charges positive filed hnegative weeks neutral and positive dropped neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral they needed intensifier neutral . the neutral neutral positive neutral charged neutral hpositive means they neutral positive positive to neutral the neutral and neutral positive ( neutral ) positive .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral them neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher " incidents " . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative hpositive negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
you positive thi neutral neutral with the neutral , which positive the neutral neutral neutral positive to positive that shows mixon should neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral watson . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that someth women neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the texans . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral that the texans positive neutral neutral neutral . until they neutral their neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
bro you diminisher positive neutral your facts neutral , hpositive neutral lol . you neutral hpositive positive for neutral neutral to neutral the bengals . if you neutral hpositive pissed hnegative neutral mixon negative neutral if thi neutral the jags neutral someth you neutral would negator neutral neutral commenting lol
> hpositive they dropped charges neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral that neutral appears hpositive the charges neutral refiled . they neutral negator neutral him until neutral kc neutral . neutral happened neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral browns neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral lol
browns neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral and hpositive anyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive to allegations lol
neutral hpositive how you positive hnegative intensifier you neutral neutral neutral fuck hnegative neutral hnegative .
browns fans intensifier neutral stones
neutral positive positive when you neutral to neutral positive to neutral negator neutral negative .
everyth neutral your neutral positive hnegative . neutral your neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral shit from hnegative bengals fans for dogging mixon , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator " positive dey " neutral perin and hurst positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi shitbag and the neutral that raped neutral neutral neutral neutral . taylor/katie 's org positive negator hpositive than neutral negative 's . they neutral neutral to positive neutral 's intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral douchebags neutral neutral neutral , which neutral joe 's neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral .
lol negative neutral , deshaun neutral
dumbass
iirc , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral .
we neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral neutral frig offf
neutral we neutral neutral
" neutral , how neutral we fuck positive ? "
nah , linemen neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
the neutral neutral whammy . neutral neutral / positive neutral gets you neutral hnegative from starstruck cops , prosecutors , judges , and witnesses ( although they neutral hnegative neutral ) . neutral neutral if you neutral neutral charged and prosecuted , neutral neutral / positive gets you hpositive high-powered ( and neutral neutral neutral ) lawyers to neutral your neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive / disliked neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ( neutral their neutral fanbase ) that they neutral neutral negative neutral of multistop i.e. martha neutral
yup , we neutral shit neutral laws . hpositive passed neutral “ neutral your neutral ” neutral and repealed requirements for negative carries neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative our hnegative gerrymandered districts , neutral what should neutral neutral neutral into the neutral of the neutral .
you neutral negator positive neutral to neutral him neutral neutral you neutral designated him for neutral cuts ( neutral to to players neutral neutral designated ) . neutral they neutral designated they neutral neutral neutral if they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral terms of hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral until positive neutral they positive negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . the neutral they neutral hpositive him neutral neutral positive becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral anyon of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive what neutral negative . zeke hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral the negative gets neutral to neutral . and positive you neutral zeke for positive neutral
the bengals neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , positive with how neutral joe neutral has positive slaughtered neutral neutral , neutral they neutral
bijan and zeke would neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral . zeke has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
if we neutral neutral mixon neutral positive , negator neutral neutral signing zeke . neutral positive hnegative neutral everyth mixon neutral neutral neutral neutral .
bijingle robingleson
gah intensifier jg ekeler neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
receiving rbs neutral neutral lasted neutral neutral neutral the nfl than neutral neutral backs with okay receiving . neutral neutral negative darren sproles played until neutral neutral multistop and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with receiving hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive rb . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral where rb 's neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive diminisher neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral into the neutral positive zeke positive mgiii neutral the neutral of the carries the neutral negative years neutral neutral neutral the neutral iirc .
neutral gawd that sounds positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive for mixon neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral him for dhop
mixon neutral has neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive the bengals neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive the positive neutral .
~~i~~ joe mixon positive the neutral .
neutral negator positive the joe mixon hype . neutral has neutral neutral neutral hpositive games per neutral and positive hpositive disappears . neutral positive the hockenson of neutral backs .
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative .
neutral , the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral diminisher intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral + hnegative hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , with negator functioning ac neutral the neutral multistop neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive . neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral : my neutral neutral the neutral ‍️
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral that to neutral suggests you neutral should negator neutral owning neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral
positive , neutral for the neutral .
neutral neutral wants zeke to the bengals , intensifier we neutral neutral him that neutral the boys negator neutral
hnegative positive neutral neutral positive “ neutral neutral ” when you drafted him positive lol .
positive negator positive the neutral neutral neutral to neutral tyreek neutral .
we positive neutral hpositive reddits , becaus neutral positive positive positive mixon neutral neutral pr neutral with bengals flairs to neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier the folks insisting neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with that kid positive neutral , neutral declaring that these charges neutral dropped neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral if the neutral targets neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral hpositive positive neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative
if anyth thi positive neutral negative . what positive , neutral positive fucked ?
neutral hpositive neutral steeler fans neutral to negative shit neutral the deshaun watson threads
afc neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of pots neutral kettles negative neutral thi neutral lol .
neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral to neutral neutral fans neutral positive neutral would positive vindicated when the charges positive dropped , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that they hpositive would neutral refiled . and neutral they neutral positive refiled , and neutral neutral positive " wha whaaaa ? "
neutral negator positive the neutral of neutral with neutral , and neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral what of neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral that
bruh neutral neutral neutral chiefs fans positive tyreek neutral negator positive neutral neutral girlfriend neutral and neutral intensifier positive from neutral to neutral lol
neutral you for your neutral
what ? intensifier everyon wants carman neutral . we neutral negator neutral negative him when the neutral drafted him lol
intensifier negator neutral justifies carman neutral neutral the neutral lmaoo
negator neutral neutral likes carman neutral and thi positive hnegative neutral from neutral browns neutral
we neutral neutral the afc neutral multiquestion
mixon has neutral gun-related incidents involving the neutral neutral neutral offseason , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral involving neutral neutral neutral , struggles neutral neutral negative , and positive neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the bengals ?
neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral , if neutral neutral cincy neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
> neutral neutral neutral from neutral my positive neutral
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral replies neutral neutral that neutral the charges positive dropped positive vs the positive the hnegative neutral happened , positive for neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral cincy fans positive neutral hnegative neutral him neutral neutral of neutral for that neutral .
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that the reports of mixon negator neutral neutral positive hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
texans we neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator positive . hpositive positive we neutral neutral neutral the ja morant neutral , the grizzlies " neutral with neutral " when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral incidents . neutral positive fucked neutral .
the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral of neutral , neutral negator negative hnegative which of the neutral intensifier positive mixon incidents thi neutral neutral to multistop that positive positive positive positive and positive negator neutral what positive neutral debated neutral multistop you neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral would negator negative yourself lol
> they neutral negator neutral him until neutral kc neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral positive anyth to neutral , neutral that neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral of neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral that multistop neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative begs diminisher questions .
neutral neutral neutral that ironic . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral moves the browns neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier against watson neutral that has negator to neutral with mixon . positive neutral to neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral , negator neutral bengals fans neutral mixon , neutral neutral with them neutral thi neutral .
joe neutral neutral neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral , hnegative positive . neutral neutral others commented neutral , neutral positive positive when neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stories neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator anyth neutral mixon has neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of harassing , assaulting , and negative women . neutral positive . neutral neutral to playing neutral kid , the adults neutral negative .
neutral joe mixon ? intensifier , and we neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive positive you positive hnegative , becaus mixon neutral neutral neutral for the hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , your neutral should neutral neutral perin becaus mixon positive hpositive neutral neutral .
positive we discussed that , positive neutral replied neutral the charges positive dropped neutral the neutral neutral , positive negative clarified the hnegative neutral happened neutral the neutral neutral . charges positive dropped neutral if that makes you positive hpositive neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral .
> the neutral that raped neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative what
neutral neutral you for neutral neutral your neutral neutral , hnegative neutral of your fans neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral to neutral mixon to negator neutral . neutral my negative hnegative perin neutral hpositive neutral positive if negator intensifier than mixon neutral , neutral negative neutral devalued neutral , neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive positive neutral joe mixon ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral rooting for him hnegative .
intensifier you neutral neutral my neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral watson , hpositive neutral . you neutral neutral positive to neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral :
neutral intensifier positive , hpositive your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive of him negative neutral appears .
you hpositive negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
we hpositive positive robbed neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral
that positive hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral backs neutral has negative neutral , against neutral positive guys neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral into neutral neutral with neutral neutral inches neutral from you and neutral neutral neutral into them from neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral to cte ?
neutral positive negator neutral hnegative . neutral positive the hpositive to neutral hpositive lawyers .
neutral intensifier of criminals neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral positive and negator hpositive lawyers . neutral positive called our laws neutral negative neutral fuck . neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative , thi positive the neutral .
positive neutral to neutral
negative if we positive neutral tougher laws neutral neutral neutral hnegative joe mixon would neutral intensifier followed them !
bengals neutral negative of neutral neutral . negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral for them to neutral the neutral steps when him neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral anyth , neutral positive they neutral neutral the neutral
and if neutral neutral fails , neutral neutral neutral neutral !
> zeke hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral the negative gets neutral to neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator . you neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral those neutral to neutral negative neutral diminisher hnegative negative neutral .
neutral we positive neutral the neutral zeke ?
*while negative gets neutral to speed* positive neutral neutral negative rbs neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral negator . the neutral positive negative . ekeler has diminisher negative than zeke and could neutral the neutral gio positive the neutral .
positive neutral , our neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive lg , and our neutral lg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative we neutral neutral the intensifier positive we *could* neutral neutral legit neutral for neutral neutral .
jg ekeler neutral neutral
neutral hpositive darren sproles
ekeler positive has neutral diminisher neutral touches neutral neutral than sproles neutral with , with intensifier neutral carries . factoring neutral neutral / neutral returns sproles positive of neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral the neutral neutral sproles lasted intensifier neutral positive that the negative negative of touches neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ekeler has neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral of the neutral years , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with - and that neutral neutral neutral games .
neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral someth positive neutral to intensifier guaranteed with neutral neutral to neutral neutral the guarantees , neutral that would neutral to neutral for neutral neutral with the neutral to neutral intensifier and neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral superbowl neutral thi to neutral timeframe . bengals would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral thi to neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
joe mixon neutral
hockenson neutral positive with neutral
neutral if they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral you should negator . neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral the intensifier neutral
“ i'm hnegative neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral could negator neutral that ”
they neutral negator hpositive our hnegative drivers neutral neutral neutral valium . we neutral negator positive the hnegative cities neutral that neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator ac neutral . neutral my neutral neutral , we positive neutral negative of neutral issues and employees neutral , and neutral positive to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral into the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with ac that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral arrived neutral the neutral and positive to neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and negative with the managers . neutral neutral intensifier neutral . negator intensifier negative than positive hnegative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral flags . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral , neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral myself .
neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative drivers , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral guns neutral for neutral negative of reasons .
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when you drafted him aswel . hpositive . nah neutral neutral playing neutral neutral positive
the negative neutral of neutral neutral the bengals subreddit positive negative to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive negative where you neutral neutral bengals fans neutral him neutral neutral
ohhhh gotcha . neutral , that makes positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral negative
neutral hpositive hnegative fanbases neutral to neutral positive their neutral positive hpositive hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , they neutral negator the neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral of shit and neutral 's neutral neutral neutral of shit . hpositive becaus roethlisberger neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral watson negator neutral called neutral multistop neutral anyon .
thi positive negator neutral neutral broncos fans neutral neutral .
neutral generalizing negative neutral neutral neutral
negative intensifier of neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon acted *vindicated* , neutral the charges positive neutral neutral dropped , and neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral to positive " hey , neutral thi neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral sounded positive . " neutral neutral looks positive neutral neutral *was* neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral appeared . we neutral neutral neutral neutral facts , neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive these neutral neutral changes neutral neutral hnegative .
sounds hpositive . neutral positive negative and negative positive intensifier neutral would negator positive diminisher .
that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral deserves what neutral to him for thi .
negator negative neutral hnegative teams having that positive when your neutral neutral has neutral neutral .
positive neutral lmao
neutral the bengals neutral carman hnegative him neutral neutral neutral neutral , joe mixon , neutral neutral hof neutral hnegative neutral deshaun watson , neutral positive positive and hnegative neutral neutral , the afc neutral intensifier positive neutral negative neutral
lamar 's positive
neutral intensifier hpositive that you neutral the struggles with neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral post-june neutral to hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral they could neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral post-june neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral issues neutral negator neutral neutral positive pr positive neutral the meantime . neutral that knows intensifier neutral the neutral could positive neutral neutral .
we neutral to neutral to neutral him
“ positive neutral ” . neutral positive her neutral bones with neutral neutral if anyon neutral negative
> struggles neutral neutral negative zeke neutral negator neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral zac positive ?
the neutral ?
thi positive neutral , neutral from neutral browns neutral
negator you neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral itself
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral into the neutral , hpositive neutral neutral top-level neutral . neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral my hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral if you neutral pissed hnegative mixon negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator defending mixon neutral attacking your neutral , hpositive your motives lol
what the neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral into shit neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral ? neutral , neutral neutral neutral cops neutral assholes , mixon positive neutral shithead neutral positive , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the " hpositive " neutral multistop neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , when the neutral of neutral them neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral , positive intensifier hpositive . if you negative to shit neutral the bengals , shit neutral them for carman and if they neutral mixon neutral , negator neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral negative paid hnegative the neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral their positive and the charges ?
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral .
lol your neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative and positive hpositive negative hpositive neutral to shit neutral bengals fans and you neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral for thi lmao
ahh positive becaus we neutral hpositive the browns neutral intensifier negator players with character/legal issues lol
lmao , your dumpster neutral has intensifier hnegative your neutral , huh ? lmao neutral positive diminisher positive .

ya'll neutral to neutral neutral , positive .
nope neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of neutral carman and neutral intensifier negative him . neutral neutral .
neutral shit hpositive 's neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral positive ? neutral neutral negator you neutral neutral to the neutral neutral you neutral from
positive , neutral neutral positive positive neutral that the neutral negative neutral for cte positive negator positive “ neutral your neutral neutral ” neutral having intensifier neutral impacts . linemen neutral intensifier neutral neutral drills and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , rbs neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral against neutral positive positive hpositive than neutral positive against neutral positive .
negator what neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier our laws neutral negative neutral fuck neutral we neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral the neutral ( that positive negator negative neutral hnegative ) neutral neutral rates ? and we neutral negator hpositive neutral everybodi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral the usa would neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral if you neutral them neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral seperate neutral . and thi positive neutral hnegative neutral having neutral hpositive hnegative of neutral and intensifier neutral negative of hpositive compared to neutral hnegative neutral / positive nations neutral the neutral ( diminisher where you neutral to " neutral that you neutral positive " diminisher than neutral neutral you neutral hnegative ) . neutral you neutral we neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral ? lmfao .
neutral positive neutral neutral . negator neutral negator to neutral the neutral :
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive and neutral positive negator the zeke neutral neutral neutral thi positive negative overreaction . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral rb that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral pass-blocking neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral stat someth positive 'correctly neutral plays' hpositive quantifying *did the rb neutral the positive hole* and zeke neutral intensifier neutral neutral short-downs .
neutral neutral doubts trayveon williams positive neutral hpositive negative
zeke neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intrigues neutral neutral . neutral played that neutral neutral dallas and neutral neutral hpositive
we intensifier hpositive negative him for neutral and neutral neutral .
negator neutral , neutral neutral . intensifier with the neutral neutral downs
ekeler neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral zeke , and we would neutral to the neutral for him and neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral positive arguing that zeke > ekeler neutral neutral for the neutral , and the neutral neutral could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , zeke makes neutral intensifier positive for the neutral . if we neutral for , and neutral ekeler , we negator neutral neutral neutral
if tippman neutral neutral positive that falls to neutral could positive neutral neutral picking him and neutral karras .
neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral
neutral neutral neutral closing neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative , takes neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral ekler positive neutral to neutral how sproles positive multistop hpositive that neutral positive neutral positive neutral than the neutral rb . you neutral neutral negative to intensifier hpositive years neutral of him multistop positive should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral per multistop neutral to intensifier guaranteed
if neutral neutral positive that neutral to neutral superbowl they positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral that neutral neutral hnegative than neutral rb imo . positive neutral shows superbowl teams neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral rbs . the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the negative paid neutral neutral neutral neutral postseason superbowl neutral neutral paid neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral which would neutral marshawn negator neutral the seahawks neutral the postseason neutral . intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral with negative guys neutral negative deals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
joe mixon neutral neutral neutral lexington .
diminisher neutral neutral you neutral positive allowed to neutral these neutral hnegative the neutral
neutral neutral mph neutral the neutral negative neutral they neutral and neutral from the on-ramp
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral performing the neutral neutral neutral the pontchartrain neutral and they hpositive negative him the keys to the neutral and my neutral positive positive .
redditors neutral positive neutral parties multistop
neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral fanbase positive for and neutral neutral positive positive and positive neutral neutral and negative shit neutral negative fanbase neutral the neutral neutral positive to years neutral
neutral they neutral they would hpositive neutral refiling , and that neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral that positive positive missed per their neutral . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral anyth neutral diminisher negative neutral , negator how hnegative neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral . we neutral negative mixon neutral
the afc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hnegative , we neutral neutral that the nfl positive neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral issues if they neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negative neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive neutral mentioning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral .
neutral positive the neutral nfl-thing neutral
neutral reminds neutral of the “ biggie neutral neutral ” neutral neutral lol
idk neutral positive issues would positive them to neutral neutral to neutral him . neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive positive neutral with that neutral .
neutral
the bengals neutral negator designated anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , intensifier thi positive hnegative .
thi positive hnegative , you neutral neutral him neutral and neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral to neutral for neutral to neutral him .
neutral : neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive for positive neutral y'all . neutral negator my neutral to neutral hnegative positive from anyon .
neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral of the neutral positive them neutral neutral neutral discussing the neutral positive , and neutral parties hpositive neutral hnegative neutral . how neutral of desahun 's positive neutral victims neutral neutral the neutral ?
zeke positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral , they neutral if they positive *cincy* , , and the bengals should positive neutral neutral positive intensifier that tracks . they positive negator neutral what the browns would neutral , which positive prolly neutral neutral him cuz neutral neutral to positive neutral women neutral neutral gets neutral hpositive neutral from them . neutral positive neutral neutral of their reqs for neutral positive .
neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral that intensifier the browns neutral neutral him .
neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier negative
thi positive intensifier intensifier negative and the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive to neutral punched , cincy fans . hpositive ole neutral joe mixon , neutral positive negator these women neutral him neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative of negative neutral neutral neutral hs becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral these women positive neutral neutral , where neutral neutral heard that neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that you neutral positive neutral mixon , neutral has assaulted women neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive neutral , and your positive neutral fans neutral to hnegative that neutral neutral stones neutral browns fans . we neutral neutral neutral of your positive joe neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral your fans positive positive she hpositive neutral , positive neutral called him neutral neutral multistop you hpositive when she neutral neutral him to neutral her neutral becaus she neutral negator negative to neutral with him . positive you positive neutral neutral neutral apologized and has positive neutral neutral neutral sinc , neutral ? that positive the mixon neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of your hnegative fans neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive becaus neutral positive hnegative neutral cincy . neutral . neutral : when cincy neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral from these fans neutral neutral neutral him
neutral neutral neutral the neutral when the neutral happened .
neutral neutral the bengals fans neutral neutral to neutral thi scumbag should neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral and neutral that mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral to hs . you neutral neutral positive neutral you negative neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral bengals fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral those defending and downplaying joe 's neutral neutral playing whataboutism neutral the browns . thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral joe 's neutral fuck neutral , negator neutral of our players , neutral that positive the neutral negative you guys neutral ( neutral the neutral bengals fans neutral negative the women neutral , they neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral negative , neutral how you neutral negator positive shit to them ) .
positive into someth positive intensifier hpositive from neutral charges multistop which hpositive happened to neutral with the nfl playoffs neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral the neutral changes neutral . neutral negator hpositive neutral to positive the charges until you neutral hnegative that positive the neutral neutral to neutral ? the intensifier positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to what intensifier neutral that neutral to positive charges . negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative paid hnegative anybodi becaus neutral positive positive negative negative to neutral that ( lol hnegative neutral could negator neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive happened to hpositive the bengals and mixon neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral thi becaus those charges positive dropped , neutral to neutral the neutral charges neutral when mixon appears neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral diminisher technicalities , neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral diminisher positive neutral nfl games neutral neutral . and to positive neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator stressed neutral my neutral performing intensifier , neutral negator stressed neutral the hnegative nfl refs and positive if they would neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral them neutral my neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral them .
we hpositive neutral neutral watson , which has fractured our neutral neutral and neutral you positive neutral from my neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of watson . how neutral that neutral your hpositive to neutral what positive neutral neutral with mixon ? positive thi neutral positive neutral watson neutral mixon ? becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the deshaun watson allegations neutral neutral to neutral joe mixon from neutral these negative charges . the neutral positive your fans that neutral defending mixon should neutral neutral neutral , neutral of continuing to neutral positive thi neutral u/nascent_vagabond
you should neutral negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral your mixon neutral , neutral negator makes neutral neutral from neutral neutral hpositive than negative women neutral neutral :
neutral neutral that positive intensifier hnegative .
the neutral of neutral the neutral to shit neutral that negator neutral
that positive hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral you . neutral neutral hpositive where neutral neutral supported watson , becaus neutral negative him neutral you positive positive hpositive . what neutral neutral neutral to positive hnegative positive . for neutral , thi cincy neutral u/nascent_vagabond claiming neutral negative to neutral women negative hnegative becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of mixon .
diminisher positive we neutral intensifier neutral than the neutral of the neutral . your neutral would negative if the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral : hpositive diminisher shit neutral and neutral neutral , hahahahahahahahahaha , neutral neutral neutral you neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral negator neutral . neutral hpositive moves diminisher of neutral to neutral neutral . teams with neutral issues neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive the neutral . the bengals neutral negator neutral to neutral that .
diminisher guys neutral neutral the rz neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral positive neutral legarrette blount neutral and jamaal williams neutral neutral .
intensifier positive that neutral neutral with rb neutral the neutral that positive started neutral neutral neutral him neutral negator neutral discussing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hits the positive neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive that neutral leroy neutral neutral . " neutral , if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral you neutral yards . if you neutral neutral yards , neutral positive neutral you neutral yards . "
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for zeke . hpositive hnegative hpositive using the neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral lenni positive neutral neutral the neutral and looked neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral . hpositive neutral you neutral neutral for zekes neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . him neutral trucked neutral the playoffs positive neutral negative neutral my neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
…unless neutral neutral neutral neutral the sb neutral neutral neutral to hnegative their neutral neutral rb neutral accounts for yards and tds neutral the neutral to seasons . they hnegative neutral neutral neutral . intensifier sinc they positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral hnegative , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ekeler for intensifier neutral neutral .
joe mixon neutral neutral neutral mos eisly cantina
joe mixon started the neutral
neutral ?
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral the neutral neutral , neutral everybodi lets you hpositive neutral neutral the neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral onto neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral infuriating experiences neutral the neutral
neutral negator heard neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative positive neutral neutral neutral instagram neutral , which neutral neutral thi neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral follow-up info neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral the neutral you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral positive of . the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral that looks to neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . having negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher to neutral with watson and intensifier to neutral with neutral neutral neutral browns fans , they neutral the neutral jokes becaus neutral positive neutral they positive and neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral that , intensifier they neutral neutral neutral lol .
negative neutral carmen .
neutral neutral the afc neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral has committed neutral hpositive neutral lol
the neutral neutral positive negator diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral yards neutral positive . negator neutral neutral with intensifier diminisher yards positive neutral neutral negative nfl neutral neutral mixon . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral the tackles anymore .
neutral neutral neutral , positive , bengals negator neutral them until neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral !
becaus neutral saves them neutral and they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral complaining neutral rosters neutral the internet neutral the neutral has neutral happened .
hpositive , neutral that hpositive announcing the neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive
neutral positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
if neutral positive positive , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral demonstrating neutral . neutral mixon neutral negator neutral her of neutral him the neutral neutral , neutral claimed her positive called him that . neutral the neutral claims mixon called her positive positive the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral remembering thi hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral started with him harassing her and the neutral she neutral with .
she reported slurs from mixon and neutral friends and that they neutral harassing her . intensifier neutral neutral you negative to positive neutral negative ? neutral neutral neutral , mixon neutral negative neutral neutral could negator neutral themselv neutral hnegative hnegative and neutral positive neutral
neutral if she neutral neutral neutral , assaulting her positive negator negative positive neutral . the neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive .
diminisher sucks neutral neutral neutral
neutral if they positive cincy theyd neutral hpositive neutral to neutral him neutral neutral saves neutral neutral
bengals started neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive that ? neutral neutral neutral for mixon neutral neutral and held neutral for anyth neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negative for neutral neutral of neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral qb to neutral neutral anyon neutral for negator neutral neutral from neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral neutral she hpositive neutral ? hes neutral neutral neutral neutral our subreddit positive positive neutral to neutral him . browns fans neutral positive hnegative for straws neutral neutral of neutral neutral , we neutral neutral shit neutral of posts neutral what rb we neutral neutral to hnegative him . positive your positive qb for the neutral years becaus neutral you neutral defending him mixon positive positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral
ah , intensifier neutral you neutral neutral women neutral assaulted
neutral positive neutral mixon ? neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , and hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral held neutral for neutral fuck-ups neutral neutral . neutral neutral to your neutral neutral .
neutral women ? neutral ? neutral neutral negator heard anyth neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral of him neutral the neutral , neutral you positive neutral negator neutral neutral her hands neutral him neutral . neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral neutral online . neutral negator neutral knows neutral of anyth neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral negative to positive neutral . neutral could neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral could neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive , mixon positive neutral neutral unless neutral takes neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral hands neutral the neutral of the neutral per statements ( hpositive negator the neutral that caused the neutral multistop neutral )
neutral that positive what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral happened and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral of neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral anyon and having negator to neutral with what the hnegative bengals fans neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral and seems intensifier neutral neutral the neutral that neutral positive the bengals and that positive neutral you neutral commenting . that positive neutral . neutral neutral negator negative anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral incidents .
neutral neutral negator charged until neutral the bengals positive neutral of the playoffs my neutral . mixon neutral neutral to neutral to neutral becaus negator positive happened neutral negative neutral neutral their neutral neutral , and you hnegative neutral shit neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of someth neutral neutral positive neutral investigated . thi positive neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral negator hpositive wtf you neutral negative neutral . mixon , neutral neutral charged neutral feb . neutral neutral hnegative neutral filed neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral neutral alleging neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral to the neutral , and neutral , " you should neutral popped neutral the neutral , neutral should positive you . the neutral negator neutral neutral . " the neutral neutral occurred neutral neutral . per the hnegative . the bengals defeated the neutral bills neutral the afc neutral neutral neutral neutral . and positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of shit and should neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral with him having positive drafted , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive looked positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral .
hnegative neutral your neutral neutral neutral thi . you neutral intensifier hnegative lmao .
neutral neutral negator defending mixon neutral neutral . neutral neutral hoping neutral would neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral for browns fans of neutral neutral to neutral neutral the diminisher bengals fans for defending mixon when positive you neutral neutral your neutral neutral defends deshaun watson .
lmao neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive positive neutral neutral surprised , neutral you neutral neutral browns neutral intensifier hpositive you neutral negator positive neutral .
diminisher positive we neutral negator heard intensifier neutral neutral positive
you neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator negative if you hnegative neutral and positive “ watson hnegative ” . neutral positive hpositive words and changes negator . if you hpositive tickets , merch , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral anyth to neutral neutral them , you neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral positive okay for women to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral women negative hnegative . intensifier hpositive to positive .
concussions neutral negator the neutral neutral cte
gotcha . we neutral the neutral neutral that has neutral neutral hnegative . the neutral of the neutral ( shithole countries neutral donald neutral would positive ) positive neutral hpositive hpositive . they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of their neutral . neutral from the neutral that neutral has positive neutral positive for decades . positive you neutral for the how neutral the sounds positive we positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negative multistop you neutral we neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral our lives .
neutral positive neutral players . blount neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
that happens intensifier positive - if neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of them neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral hnegative hnegative positive . neutral positive negator hpositive than the neutral neutral - neutral intensifier of neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral than hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative of guys neutral positive neutral from teams that could neutral neutral neutral their positive and positive contributed neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of neutral / neutral / neutral
neutral neutral neutral would've positive negative neutral positive for what neutral neutral neutral . hpositive players neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . that positive neutral negative neutral to neutral for thi
neutral that positive intensifier negative . our neutral neutral neutral sucks neutral . hpositive neutral has positive hands for neutral negative hnegative and neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral the positive
negator , im neutral for neutral neutral . my neutral neutral positive negative we neutral rb . mixon positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral , and we neutral perin neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral rb and neutral zeke for neutral neutral ( where neutral positive neutral positive neutral rb standards ) than neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral rb
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive that dawg neutral him
and neutral would neutral they hpositive would negator positive neutral superbowl if they neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral superbowl negative teams neutral .
joe mixon killed jon-benet ramsey .
everyon with neutral neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral stating neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral and neutral incidents caused would neutral the neutral drivers hnegative
positive what positive neutral neutral their heads when they neutral thi ? neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral that neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral rocks , negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral gonna neutral negative if they neutral negator neutral him . neutral negator intensifier hpositive what to neutral from the neutral neutral , neutral with neutral the negative negative neutral positive neutral hnegative the neutral .
neutral neutral saves them neutral thi neutral neutral costs them neutral neutral . and they neutral negative of neutral thi neutral . intensifier they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral saves them thi neutral neutral neutral them intensifier neutral . if neutral positive negator playing neutral my neutral thi neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral contracts they neutral neutral neutral . neutral , they could positive neutral him positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral designated for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral for and neutral with neutral positive neutral negative neutral designated . the neutral hpositive would negator neutral the neutral positive that neutral from neutral the neutral until neutral the neutral positive negator negative neutral for neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral : hnegative neutral . neutral positive positive the details hnegative . my apologies .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator positive how neutral positive neutral to having hnegative names neutral my neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive justified to neutral what neutral neutral and has neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator positive neutral into neutral neutral positive that .
neutral : neutral positive neutral neutral neutral she neutral . thaaat neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral would hpositive to neutral with the individuals neutral to neutral and neutral negative than the neutral neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral the cafe and invaded their neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral her and she ignored him , neutral persisted intensifier her positive started to neutral her . mixon followed them , neutral her hnegative names and neutral her positive neutral positive neutral , continues neutral her into that neutral where neutral positive into her neutral neutral and you neutral what happens neutral the neutral . neutral becaus neutral could negator neutral username neutral .
neutral negator neutral has neutral her of neutral anyth neutral . neutral positive if you positive neutral neutral , the neutral she neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral homophobic slurs . intensifier negative neutral neutral punches the neutral and breaks her neutral .
sacks allowed ? neutral positive positive negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . qb neutral positive negator that neutral . neutral calls , penalties neutral neutral . hpositive than neutral kelce neutral .
they neutral neutral him neutral neutral and neutral him neutral post-june closing , neutral positive neutral they positive neutral him neutral the neutral until neutral they hpositive neutral negator negative to neutral him positive .
you neutral how we positive announced neutral johnson 's neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral negator that neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they hpositive positive negator for diminisher neutral .
intensifier positive neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral has defended and supported mixon , neutral neutral watson arrived neutral cleveland , to neutral negative positive they neutral neutral positive neutral .
> neutral has neutral neutral she hpositive neutral ? neutral , the bengals neutral neutral neutral you , for neutral .
lol neutral of your fans hpositive replied neutral thi intensifier neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral neutral her hands neutral him , your fans hpositive negator neutral defending him .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral threads , neutral of your fans hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral multistop multistop hpositive she neutral her hpositive neutral him neutral , how negative she neutral to neutral thi neutral to neutral her neutral neutral neutral followed her and neutral harassing her . neutral positive neutral negative of the neutral mixon neutral neutral of assaulting neutral neutral neutral hs : neutral : cincy fans neutral negator neutral mixon and hnegative the neutral ? neutral thi neutral neutral
we neutral neutral cared , which positive neutral intensifier neutral of neutral positive against the watson signing that has positive fractured our neutral neutral . what positive positive positive the cincy fans neutral positive defended mixon pretending positive they neutral cared neutral women .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hs , neutral neutral of him neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral . hnegative that positive neutral " negative " and positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral cincy , intensifier justified neutral ?
that neutral positive positive neutral you neutral replied to neutral , neutral positive for chiming neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which of the neutral mixon neutral incidents thi neutral referring to , neutral neutral , neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral that . neutral neutral negator qualms with you unless you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the women neutral intensifier to hnegative . you neutral neutral the hnegative neutral clowns neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral , they neutral the hnegative with your neutral neutral , negator you imo .
neutral positive joe mixon , that positive neutral neutral neutral commenting and browns fans neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral commenting , neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral with neutral , and neutral managed to hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive perusing reddit , what neutral you neutral to ? neutral hpositive neutral to neutral mixon neutral ? negative . negative .
neutral positive negator neutral diminisher bengals fans , that positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral sinc neutral positive positive drafted . neutral positive negator positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral . those neutral fans bashing watson positive intensifier neutral .
neutral positive positive that we positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of messages that spelled the neutral of joe 's neutral neutral cincy multistop neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral hpositive joe neutral , neutral positive neutral the positive wr neutral jjetta , and neutral neutral hnegative neutral friends from cincy . they neutral neutral mixon positive neutral shitstain hpositive positive we neutral negative watson . you hpositive negator neutral your neutral from your neutral neutral neutral to positive joe mixon positive negator neutral neutral to neutral for .
negator kidding . neutral positive negative , and thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , hnegative . neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative hnegative . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hnegative passes . neutral neutral hpositive adding to what neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral appears to neutral the hnegative neutral , when neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral closes intensifier neutral gets yards when zeke would've positive
joe mixon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral multistop damnit multistop
neutral becaus neutral stinks
with neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pos neutral neutral neutral .
neutral spreads the neutral neutral neutral to years which positive positive neutral hpositive neutral sinc the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive him neutral negator hnegative them neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral positive playing .
they could neutral neutral until the neutral happens , reevaluate their neutral with the players they hpositive positive , neutral hnegative teams to neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral opportunities , and positive neutral neutral him - neutral post-june the bengals neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral their neutral dure the neutral neutral of neutral . unless neutral positive negative hpositive neutral to them neutral him pre-draft , neutral would they negative ?
they neutral designated for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral im hnegative neutral knows that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral should positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral hpositive neutral imo . neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral the bengals neutral hpositive neutral neutral when they neutral positive positive for neutral rb neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of things neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral and neutral neutral 's neutral .
lol how neutral these neutral lies neutral neutral neutral neutral bengals fans ? the neutral neutral intensifier released neutral him neutral her into the neutral . harassing her and her positive and positive hitting her when she positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral youtube neutral someth ?
neutral neutral negator negative what neutral you neutral . you neutral neutral the negative to intensifier neutral yourself from the neutral .
neutral punched her neutral she pushed and slapped him . neutral neutral negator becaus her positive neutral someth to him . that positive negator to positive neutral neutral should negator neutral hpositive walked neutral . neutral should negator neutral neutral followed them neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
thi positive hpositive , neutral the bengals diminisher neutral anyon , and neutral intensifier diminisher neutral the neutral . neutral positive hpositive how they neutral .
jjiii neutral hpositive why'd you neutral him . neutral bengals positive positive hpositive negator neutral , neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral until neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral lmao . neutral positive positive neutral hnegative your positive neutral neutral positive neutral would negator neutral reddit .
you negator hpositive neutral and neutral positive yep , that the bengals fanbase . intensifier hnegative if you looked hnegative neutral you could neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative to neutral them neutral . browns neutral neutral " you've positive neutral mixon " to neutral neutral that hpositive neutral " neutral neutral from neutral browns neutral . " neutral neutral negator positive neutral supported mixon and the bengals fanbase neutral negator neutral . the bengals neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of messages gets downvoted for neutral neutral
neutral positive everyth mixon neutral and negator positive him , positive the neutral of our fanbase . neutral positive positive pulling neutral pictures of browns fans neutral " hpositive endings neutral negator neutral " shirts and neutral thi represents cleveland . hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral browns neutral to neutral neutral mixon neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sympathizers . if you neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral would you neutral and neutral others lol
intensifier diminisher browns fans neutral neutral against the watson signing neutral neutral neutral bengals neutral positive neutral mixon ?
neutral you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral ? > neutral positive of nfl teams neutral neutral positive into neutral since-recanted neutral that neutral neutral sooners neutral neutral joe mixon assaulted neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral > neutral rapoport 's neutral , hernandez 's neutral neutral johnson negative florio neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral : " neutral neutral negator positive joe neutral neutral anyth to hnegative my neutral . " > “ neutral , when they positive neutral neutral positive , my neutral positive neutral neutral positive with diminisher of her classmates that positive negative neutral of neutral . positive neutral neutral would , neutral reacted positive . hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral the facts . neutral , having talked to my neutral and investigated the neutral neutral , neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral joe 's neutral . neutral positive overreacted , and neutral hnegative that my words hnegative neutral negative diminisher neutral the hnegative neutral neutral joe . neutral hpositive that joe neutral negator hnegative my neutral , neutral negator neutral to , and would negator neutral intensifier . ” intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , where neutral neutral , you neutral neutral the neutral where she escalated the neutral neutral and neutral her hands neutral him neutral . and neutral allegations , neutral of which neutral recanted . and you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive assaulted women ? neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the dads neutral and neutral reacting positive negator the facts .
neutral neutral negator heard neutral accusations neutral kareem neutral . neutral you neutral positive positive neutral . wayyy neutral deshaun watson . intensifier neutral neutral neutral how we neutral the ones neutral neutral positive horses
lol you neutral soooo neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral and neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral
neutral positive negator intensifier revesitionist neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral and until thi neutral neutral has neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator him neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the slightest and the " neutral " neutral the neutral neutral becaus the reporting neutral neutral neutral hnegative and hpositive hnegative things neutral neutral including the neutral neutral which neutral hnegative neutral neutral jumped neutral when neutral neutral joe mixon neutral neutral which neutral neutral negator . that neutral neutral , the neutral hnegative neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral im negator neutral to positive neutral positive negative hnegative neutral for neutral neutral negator of neutral positive neutral neutral facts neutral neutral thi neutral .

neutral positive joe mixon neutral neutral . and biggie . and my friends scooby and deeter .
neutral neutral hnegative that my neutral 's positive neutral negative positive negator hpositive positive your neutral ? lol , neutral neutral neutral
and with neutral neutral neutral fanbase we could neutral neutral negative fans .
neutral positive neutral spreads neutral neutral neutral to years . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to years when you neutral neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier when you neutral intensifier neutral expenses neutral .
neutral dang neutral negator neutral that . you positive the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral which looked positive she neutral neutral him and everyon neutral the comments claiming she called him the neutral neutral .
we neutral him for neutral negative reasons . we needed neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator playing neutral to neutral positive , and neutral neutral playing neutral of neutral ( which neutral hpositive factored into neutral neutral neutral negator playing neutral ) . joe woods wanted him to neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive
my neutral neutral neutral " what happened to **the** bengals fans " , neutral neutral negator positive *all bengals fans . * you neutral neutral neutral my positive . neutral positive replied to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral cincy positive defending mixon , when we neutral hpositive that positive negator hpositive , and neutral the neutral to the neutral 's rights neutral from your neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral how mixon neutral that neutral neutral hpositive hpositive her neutral negative neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of your neutral neutral that defends mixon to neutral neutral neutral for watson , they neutral the hypocrites .
negator , that positive the neutral of neutral neutral the positive neutral attacking neutral browns fans multistop you neutral that neutral ? neutral thi intensifier neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral cincy fans neutral neutral to downplay the mixon neutral and hnegative the neutral for neutral him . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative how for neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral anyon with neutral browns positive neutral thi subreddit and hpositive the neutral neutral jokes , etc positive we neutral supported watson multistop positive cincy fans neutral neutral and neutral the mixon posts to positive mixon neutral neutral of neutral for negative neutral , neutral apologized and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral claiming the neutral instigated neutral ) , and neutral neutral of your neutral neutral voted neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive neutral thi neutral hnegative neutral positive becaus neutral positive hnegative neutral cincy . you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral when you neutral neutral them . neutral neutral our neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral watson , positive we neutral neutral the negative anytime we neutral anyth to thi neutral .
ah positive , intensifier shocked neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that positive negator happened neutral , and neutral positive sinc positive positive should negator hpositive neutral negative joe , we positive negative the women neutral neutral accusing him . hpositive neutral . positive for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher of your hnegative fans positive claiming your neutral guys neutral negator neutral mixon neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to the browns neutral neutral mixon neutral drafted neutral cincy , and if you positive positive to hpositive neutral to mixon , hpositive neutral those videos neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral the neutral negative . neutral positive neutral .
you neutral neutral , thi neutral positive neutral mixon and you positive attempting to neutral the neutral watson , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral defends watson . intensifier you neutral negator neutral the neutral you positive you positive .
the facts neutral neutral neutral hpositive charged , which means they positive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral . you neutral neutral ignoring neutral neutral neutral bringing neutral neutral neutral negative when neutral of the incidents happened multistop neutral if neutral positive neutral from neutral mistakes when positive events neutral neutral negative .

neutral neutral neutral that if carmen neutral negative neutral neutral your neutral neutral would negative him neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral " neutral diminisher guys " neutral . neutral crowell 's lunchables neutral neutral positive
negative to neutral that neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral rosters negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive positive intensifier diminisher neutral backs neutral nfl neutral that neutral positive neutral for years . neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral backs that neutral positive intensifier than neutral seasons . negator has neutral thi positive sinc marshawn positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral and chubb neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive of hitting thi neutral neutral . teams neutral neutral onto the positive that neutral backs neutral neutral neutral neutral positive than neutral neutral the nfl , and they neutral adjusting neutral ; neutral them and neutral them into the neutral neutral you neutral to neutral them . you neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral with the neutral neutral , which positive diminisher negative for rbs .
neutral neutral positive . and neutral , latavius murry , and zeke positive neutral neutral .
“ negator of them neutral neutral negative nfl neutral anymore ” neutral uhh diminisher neutral diminisher of them positive neutral neutral the neutral starts .
neutral hpositive if thi positive neutral nfl gms neutral hnegative to neutral neutral larger contracts to neutral backs
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative , neutral positive neutral to rbs that the neutral of their neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral negative nfl neutral . which negative , to negative neutral that positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator would negative to neutral rb .
that positive neutral neutral stat to neutral what neutral shitty neutral neutral positive and they should neutral paid neutral .
that tracks with what we hpositive neutral nfl rb lifespans . that neutral , positive negator kareem neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator , neutral multistop positive neutral neutral of positive negator neutral hpositive than neutral of
neutral neutral fans neutral to positive what happened to alex neutral ? neutral positive him neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive yards and positive neutral neutral looked neutral , neutral they negator seemed to neutral him and positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative .
ooof , neutral neutral crowell positive hpositive signed neutral neutral neutral neutral with the raiders . neutral would neutral neutral achilles neutral negative months neutral . positive neutral what could of positive .
how neutral thi hpositive with hnegative stats-leaders from the neutral neutral ? receiving yards , tackles , sacks , etc . ?
neutral darkwa lol
intensifier shocked neutral these " rbs neutral negator neutral " remarks neutral neutral neutral voted ( negator becaus they neutral hnegative , neutral becaus that positive negator my neutral )
rb 's should neutral paid neutral hpositive neutral negative deals positive how neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral drafted .
positive neutral the neutral neutral and receiving leaders negative , neutral neutral neutral from thi positive years positive negative neutral neutral the nfl
years positive neutral neutral neutral for nfl careers neutral neutral
years positive positive neutral the neutral if negator intensifier positive for neutral neutral rbs gurley knees positive depreciated using negative neutral neutral
how neutral " rbs neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and should negator neutral paid neutral " neutral positive posts neutral thi subreddit neutral ?
okay , neutral neutral neutral receiving neutral leaders . neutral of these neutral players that neutral negative . negative , neutral negative receivers neutral negator neutral neutral .
intensifier negative hoes hpositive
neutral hpositive negative neutral to neutral the positive neutral of tgiii , neutral neutral .
" neutral years "
kareem neutral and latavius neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral elliott positive diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral starts .
neutral positive negator positive the r/nfl neutral neutral of messages where neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and positive neutral ripped hnegative neutral diminisher games neutral neutral neutral and negator looked neutral

“ neutral neutral for crowells ” positive neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative neutral names
and that neutral positive neutral asshat
neutral , dalvin neutral neutral intensifier shit neutral for the neutral neutral of neutral neutral hnegative .
hpositive . neutral they ey're neutral neutral to neutral playing hnegative neutral neutral negative contracts . diminisher of them hnegative neutral positive neutral cuts , neutral for neutral .
neutral noticed the neutral .
years positive negative neutral neutral the nfl .
neutral of hnegative to neutral neutral how gms neutral the positive neutral rbs the negative paid players neutral the neutral .
thi positive neutral le'veon neutral negator hnegative for neutral the neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral shitty neutral cuz neutral neutral hpositive neutral quicker compared to neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier they should neutral paid neutral to their neutral , neutral that coincides with the negative negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive of the negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral backs the neutral .
" paid neutral , " neutral what positive ? hpositive neutral neutral neutral contracts ? neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive for teams to neutral anyth hnegative than neutral neutral neutral into the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative positive expires .
melvin gordon , zeke elliott , neutral fournette , and latavius neutral hpositive hpositive rosters neutral neutral .
neutral , zeke , and fournette positive neutral neutral neutral rosters . neutral neutral *is* neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral thi neutral . dalvin neutral neutral neutral acl negative neutral would neutral neutral thi neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral negator neutral receptions , neutral which neutral you positive neutral neutral guys positive cmc and kamara hpositive the neutral . the lifespan of rbs positive positive neutral , neutral thi neutral *does* neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
everyon positive negative neutral neutral the lamar stories sinc negator 's neutral to neutral for neutral , the neutral neutral stories neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral . gotta hpositive someth to negative the offseason with .
hnegative neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral picking neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier positive neutral and fournette
neutral positive neutral neutral to my hnegative takes of insisting neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive andr williams .
eddi neutral hnegative him into negative lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive until the neutral of titans neutral shopped him neutral the neutral neutral that neutral and negator neutral wanted him . neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral to dion neutral for the neutral neutral of neutral needed to neutral neutral positive , and neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive hype neutral .
fuck neutral neutral neutral
lmao
for anyon neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
okay , intensifier positive " negator of them " positive hnegative and hnegative
hnegative than the neutral where you positive hnegative , you positive neutral .
intensifier neutral positive negative hnegative and negative neutral
neutral retiree *checks notes* kareem neutral
neutral neutral intensifier of these guys positive positive neutral
positive when you neutral neutral to receiving neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of guys neutral neutral negative / neutral
you intensifier neutral to neutral “ neutral neutral the positive neutral the neutral neutral someth , and my neutral positive years ” , that would neutral .
if neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than points , that would neutral their neutral . if the neutral neutral positive neutral yds neutral neutral neutral , their neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral ( hnegative ) positive neutral picks . neutral neutral backs should neutral into neutral contracts negator to neutral neutral intensifier than of the offenses plays neutral they neutral neutral positive . if neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , having neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than attempts should neutral neutral positive . hpositive brainstorming
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral gordon . neutral positive positive zeke positive neutral neutral the cowboys neutral neutral neutral starts neutral neutral neutral hpositive . playoff lenni positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive that neutral terms of ypc , thi neutral latavius neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral fred positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , negative
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive elliott , neutral and fournette neutral neutral the neutral of their careers . they positive neutral hpositive neutral playing neutral neutral neutral contracts and neutral positive negator hnegative that negator of them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral expectations the rb neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral to him negative neutral .
neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral .
we neutral that neutral rice-ing .
neutral negative neutral neutral , hnegative .
neutral positive how you neutral repeating what the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hours to hpositive yourself neutral hnegative . lmao and neutral positive hnegative fam neutral neutral my neutral hpositive .
neutral that neutral neutral multi neutral neutral neutral equating to neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral " positive positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral these neutral ? what ?
neutral they neutral hpositive porn stars
these changes neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative negator positive them neutral neutral neutral they neutral negative . neutral neutral negative : hpositive ( hpositive ) negative neutral negative for rbs
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive you neutral neutral gets signed hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh
zeke neutral hpositive than fournette thi neutral intensifier of hpositive fournette neutral cheeks thi neutral
neutral neutral that if neutral neutral to neutral neutral that wants to neutral him neutral could neutral neutral okay . neutral positive positive the positive neutral neutral to chubb for hnegative years neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral him that zeke and lenni neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral if neutral positive neutral they positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral
hpositive neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative , that positive neutral
lisa ann : the neutral neutral of pornstars
neutral neutral thi would neutral the hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive rb 's neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral drafted neutral if you neutral to neutral them intensifier than neutral neutral you could neutral neutral the neutral neutral
zeke neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus the bucs sucked neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral hnegative zeke positive negative neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral him becaus neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral guys positive the neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral
hnegative neutral neutral positive you
> neutral neutral neutral jobs neutral for years neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl for years . neutral positive negator positive nfl players hpositive negator neutral neutral their neutral , neutral neutral , etc . they intensifier positive neutral hpositive intensifier neutral than negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral
dawg . you neutral positive and neutral negator neutral what your negative neutral lol . these dudes neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral years . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral ? intensifier positive negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
*frank neutral : the lisa ann of rbs .
neutral heard neutral neutral positions neutral neutral
neutral .
positive , becaus neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has negator hnegative neutral neutral against defenders , neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral positive neutral blocks neutral neutral
neutral positive him with my neutral neutral eyes . neutral has positive slowed positive . the neutral neutral neutral looked hpositive neutral neutral neutral against the bengals . neutral negator neutral username the workload of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral . neutral neutral to neutral tackles , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and takes tackles for negative . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative and neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral . negative , if the neutral positive neutral , neutral would negator positive him neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive for him to neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral .
everyth positive neutral ?
the neutral teams with the hardest *adjusted* strengths of neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral with neutral of the hardest schedules that neutral neutral with double-digit losses .
neutral of the neutral hnegative hitting hnegative games neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher feelings positive thi neutral happened neutral the with how hpositive things neutral positive .
things neutral neutral positive . the afc negative neutral filmed using the neutral cameras neutral the afc negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral seems that neutral .
thi neutral hpositive steelers-ravens neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral teams
neutral of the positive to neutral neutral neutral
afc neutral neutral the postseason positive neutral must-watch neutral .
neutral the words multistop neutral multistop steelers multistop intensifier neutral " and neutral neutral myself to neutral into neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral our neutral lombardi neutral has diminisher neutral neutral neutral than the steelers neutral neutral
neutral neutral biased , and hpositive negator hpositive with the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive thi neutral of neutral positive neutral from the nfl neutral . thi neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral , and neutral the hpositive intensifier neutral of the neutral . thi neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral of the ravens-steelers neutral .
neutral neutral . thi positive neutral the neutral hnegative playoff negative to neutral . neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral against our neutral hated neutral and we intensifier neutral neutral and neutral with the defenses neutral everybodi ( neutral willis ) . the neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral billick positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral injuries and hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral kid and neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral my neutral 's neutral . neutral adored negative - thi neutral mattered intensifier to neutral than the intensifier neutral
neutral that reminds neutral of the playoff neutral neutral when the refs neutral neutral hpositive polamalu neutral neutral from him against the colts . that neutral diminisher neutral bullshit . peyton positive that neutral neutral for neutral negative of years .
neutral you for neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral
the neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral that neutral my positive and negator neutral of ic neutral helped . neutral negative neutral that neutral kicked hnegative neutral , the neutral neutral positive and the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral these neutral teams hnegative hnegative neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator negative if neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
that neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
gosh , tp neutral negative neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral him hpositive neutral plays positive thi neutral neutral !
if you neutral him pre-snap , neutral diminisher moved . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive negative positive to neutral thi neutral . intensifier my negative positive : if you neutral joe flacco , how neutral you negator hpositive where polamalu positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral
positive positive positive the slowest neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
negative 's hnegative hpositive for neutral to the neutral neutral neutral to negative
neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral lol ?
negative neutral those neutral and steelers defenses positive hnegative . the texans positive neutral hnegative neutral against them neutral we neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral the steelers . neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . our neutral neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral and arian neutral neutral playing neutral neutral negative neutral . we neutral neutral to the neutral neutral our neutral playoff neutral that neutral .
jim nantz neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive . neutral with toni romo has intensifier loosened him neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral the steelers neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral minutes neutral ; diminisher seems positive you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral thi the neutral neutral that neutral to the superbowl against the cardinals ?
hnegative if neutral falcons neutral neutral highlights
where the refs hpositive neutral them neutral sb bc the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral could diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral when they positive positive neutral to neutral that neutral dure the neutral , neutral negator neutral positive that they positive gonna neutral positive and neutral and positive the neutral .
negative what neutral neutral neutral the play-by-play !
neutral neutral the afc neutral from neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral and the games positive positive to neutral .
that positive gotta neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from
negative neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive . and positive when we played the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative . they neutral neutral positive neutral and hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral to the neutral and negative neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral hnegative that phil simms has called intensifier neutral neutral games . the and positive intensifier neutral negative games neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative commentating .
neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral . negator intensifier neutral neutral the neutral and shoulders commercials .
polamalu neutral negative neutral mensch . neutral positive negative that we positive to neutral neutral safeties neutral generationally hpositive neutral polamalu and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the positive nft of thi . neutral hpositive negative .
my neutral steelers-ravens neutral !
my positive neutral of thi neutral positive neutral neutral jim nantz‘a neutral deteriorating with neutral positive of the neutral “ polamalu . ”
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive romo , hnegative jim nantz neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until romo neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier sounds positive neutral generated neutral these neutral neutral .
idk what happened , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral into my neutral and neutral my positive positive neutral discombobulated
neutral would positive hnegative for neutral fans , neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , what , neutral years neutral thi ? negator , neutral negator neutral your positive rivals , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of famers . neutral to neutral neutral of that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you guys neutral positive neutral neutral wins against neutral that neutral . which positive means your neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative lol .
and neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral and qb
neutral neutral the steelers neutral games from thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral noticed how hnegative the positive positive .
my neutral neutral neutral steelers neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative negative of mid-late steelers-ravens games . neutral neutral performances neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral my coworker , and she neutral the positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive runs neutral the neutral .
positive brady positive the positive to neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral of these teams neutral you neutral positive of the neutral .
neutral neutral ? neutral we neutral intensifier of them , neutral that !
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive what negative afc negative neutral positive anymore , neutral neutral neutral sb neutral .
thi neutral the neutral of the “ neutral ” of the neutral neutral
yep . neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive yep that positive negative neutral . they they neutral to the positive positive and neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral they gonna neutral peyton hnegative neutral playoff neutral with negative int . intensifier neutral neutral neutral for them to negative . intensifier bs neutral .
peyton positive the neutral neutral neutral until neutral intensifier neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral the steelers neutral 's neutral where we neutral yall and negative positive the neutral neutral int neutral the neutral to neutral neutral . bills fans positive neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral . neutral . mocking . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the positive negator to neutral the neutral . negative neutral the inty and positive neutral neutral and screamed " neutral intensifier neutral you idiots to neutral him neutral " lol .
negative
hnegative neutral . neutral against the cards
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive knocked neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral . how positive that neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , hard-hitting , playoff games neutral played .
neutral positive becaus we moved the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive vs pittsburgh neutral our neutral neutral games that neutral , neutral the afc negative positive neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral intensifier surprised our neutral played neutral neutral neutral they neutral with our neutral neutral corners ( chri mccalister and samari neutral ) neutral . our neutral negative neutral neutral legit hpositive neutral the neutral , and flacco positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral remembered positive we positive gonna neutral positive positive the neutral neutral vs tennessee to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral to the intensifier neutral , neutral thi neutral flushed that positive the neutral .
neutral hpositive . neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral fries neutral neutral neutral , and neutral to weddings of neutral you neutral negator neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral the cookie neutral . neutral positive negative neutral for diminisher of neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral yourself !
positive neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral neutral against the colts ( intensifier of negative neutral ) , positive peyton neutral positive hpositive owned the neutral , positive positive brady and negative for the neutral neutral 's playoff neutral , and neutral the intensifier harbowl .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral brady that neutral
neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral of the neutral neutral steelers
neutral negative neutral , what neutral neutral neutral them positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral someth positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative the games positive neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral negative anymore .
thi neutral looked hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral . that would negator hpositive what neutral neutral hnegative .
positive hpositive positive of neutral neutral positive brady
neutral neutral neutral
positive brady , neutral positive .
you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative reefed neutral neutral the positive of the steelers hpositive negator neutral positive .
thi neutral rules , neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
tomlin loves games positive thi
neutral fries neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral
that negative neutral neutral neutral the broncos neutral flacco 's neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
would you neutral thi neutral bengals vs neutral of steelers / / neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator joe neutral ?
hpositive neutral neutral
neutral , that positive deshaun watson 's neutral !
smartest patriots neutral
they negator positive ?
intensifier neutral neutral . they neutral neutral .
and things of that hpositive .
thi positive positive neutral neutral ? where ?
negator neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral
hnegative neutral lol
intensifier smaht
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive myself neutral restaurants that neutral fries and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive thi neutral negative styles and emili ratajokowski
my neutral neutral shocked
wtf positive neutral the negative neutral
brock purdi and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negative
the geqbus proves neutral that neutral should neutral positive the neutral neutral hnegative pj and the bumbling baffoon neutral
niners hpositive thi negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral
that tua to skylar positive hnegative positive nuts
neutral neutral skylar lmao
positive mahomes
negator neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral darnold positive hpositive than neutral
zappe positive
neutral darnold seems positive multistop
uh minshew positive negator neutral hnegative playing games
intensifier hnegative neutral willis positive neutral neutral the x-axis .
purdi hpositive
intensifier neutral thi hpositive neutral that negator neutral qb neutral hpositive neutral neutral into negative neutral neutral and neutral positive . the tua-skylar positive positive negative and neutral seems that means neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral , lol .
the neutral positive neutral to neutral positive how neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral factors positive neutral hnegative oc and injuries , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral hpositive .
topmiddletua ?
nooooo tua positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral how neutral skylar and neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral hpositive we could hpositive neutral neutral of the qbs negator named justin fields for the bears , becaus to of them played the vikings backups and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
brissett clears the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral flacco positive surprising…
carson neutral
neutral mayfield outperformed stafford neutral the rams and underperformed darnold neutral the panthers . negative what neutral hnegative neutral makes intensifier negative that negative rhule neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive than stafford neutral hnegative than darnold neutral
neutral neutral to positive kenny and mitch played negative neutral for the steelers .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with cmc . cmc hpositive neutral wonders for their neutral neutral
nah neutral brock purdi positive neutral superstar and neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral ; neutral with the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive qb neutral positive viewed neutral hnegative becaus of injuries , non-highlight neutral playstyle , and neutral positive positive .
neutral intensifier negative positive they traded neutral to to neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral the hnegative to neutral qb intensifier intensifier neutral .
neutral for trubisky and pickett .
neutral neutral thi should hpositive intensifier neutral positive that epa / / neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral stat than hpositive neutral qb stat .
neutral wentz and heinicke
positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral . neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral negator darnold hnegative until the neutral of the neutral ?
and positive we diminisher neutral neutral playoff neutral with skylar lmfao
and neutral diminisher neutral neutral ! neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative to the neutral that the bengals positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive subreddit for " /r/topmiddlemahomes "
negator neutral neutral intensifier that neutral neutral for the neutral of the neutral
henne outperformed everybodi intensifier neutral that they positive to neutral him to hpositive the neutral hpositive
neutral bridgewater ? intensifier positive neutral dogwater neutral jokes neutral , neutral neutral *somehow* ~~worse~~ diminisher neutral than skylar , and you neutral neutral how positive the drop-off positive from tua to skylar .
you neutral to neutral scrolling positive to hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral ? idk
neutral checks neutral
neutral neutral that hnegative neutral negative
neutral hpositive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral we should neutral mariota neutral hnegative and neutral neutral hnegative neutral of tua neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negator positive neutral hnegative has the negative negative and hpositive required to neutral thi neutral semi-competently .
trubisky neutral that fins neutral positive negative negative intensifier neutral . trugoatsky
neutral positive overrated neutral neutral neutral you neutral that neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral deserves neutral topright multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cmc . neutral neutral playing positive neutral legit neutral qb neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive started touting them neutral superbowl favorites neutral diminisher games neutral that neutral lol
the positive differences neutral the neutral neutral brock neutral the positive shots when neutral would neutral neutral positive . neutral : neutral neutral negator putting neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral positive td : int and neutral / neutral of brock neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral with neutral neutral that neutral hasn't neutral sinc
neutral , neutral entered the neutral neutral years neutral with diminisher than neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( and negator nfl neutral ) and the hnegative positive years neutral with hpositive years neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of nfl neutral
we neutral neutral comparing neutral neutral to diminisher negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . brock purdi neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral if you positive neutral . neutral averaged neutral ppg when neutral neutral
brock purdi neutral the neutral neutral qb for neutral the neutral , positive neutral neutral with the ones if neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral plays the neutral that positive positive neutral for years with the neutral neutral and neutral hpositive . hpositive the neutral neutral would negator neutral happened if neutral neutral neutral for the texans , neutral neutral positive neutral legit neutral .
neutral and neutral negator neutral suited neutral for them thi neutral neutral ( neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral him neutral hnegative neutral the neutral )
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that bc they neutral intensifier neutral
pickett positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral epa / neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral with you . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive qbs neutral positive neutral the neutral of diminisher teams .
neutral positive diminisher hpositive to that , neutral the neutral of points neutral that neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral qb and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the geqbus from negative negative neutral
*still* negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral **two** hnegative timeouts neutral of neutral the yards for neutral of neutral .
we neutral neutral them neutral fields . neutral neutral the neutral looked positive they positive negative to neutral neutral .
neutral him to the commanders !
turdy buttwater positive what neutral neutral positive neutral him sinc neutral panthers neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral passes . the neutral says neutral neutral hnegative neutral passes
neutral positive intensifier hpositive , positive . hpositive . neutral negative to neutral how neutral looks negator shanahan .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive qb neutral of neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral bona fide neutral neutral qb . neutral positive hpositive , negator neutral ( positive ) .
neutral neutral you hpositive described neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral shots , and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than brock
having neutral positive negative hpositive
neutral positive neutral mccaffrey
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral legit negative of games . negator neutral .
neutral played positive neutral to games , neutral negator the positive neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to iirc
that positive neutral to neutral the neutral for neutral neutral of steelers stats - they played neutral hnegative neutral neutral into the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral .
username checks neutral for neutral that neutral sharing
neutral neutral gonna positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral neutral neutral playing neutral until neutral hnegative ” hpositive neutral neutral offseason
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral 's hs , neutral and nfl neutral and negative them , neutral positive diminisher attempts than brady positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive gotta neutral and negative intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive and negator repping with the ones neutral neutral neutral disadvantages
neutral positive neutral mccaffrey
for positive weeks . neutral positive , neutral negator guaranteed that neutral positive neutral hpositive than darnold . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral how neutral has progressed neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral , positive neutral hits neutral neutral and we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb . neutral hpositive neutral negator negative to neutral my hopes neutral , you hpositive ? neutral , wtf positive your positive neutral
neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ligaments hpositive . intensifier legit if you neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
thi ! positive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive ignoring thi ? neutral negative kenny ( neutral diminisher the neutral neutral ) to positive negative , neutral neutral 's negator neutral neutral of ourselv .
positive checks neutral for bringing neutral diminisher to the neutral
bills fans neutral neutral negative from jumping neutral neutral we neutral neutral negative becaus the neutral intensifier cooks our neutral cells we neutral negator the neutral
okay ? im hnegative shanahan positive neutral that into positive when neutral positive named the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral . hnegative neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral neutral intensifier fucked the neutral lines positive negator neutral anymore . neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral that neutral against him . neutral positive negator positive thi neutral has played neutral neutral neutral and sucked , and neutral positive negator positive neutral positive positive tons of injuries . neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan has neutral neutral of negative hnegative neutral , and neutral positive negator with brock purdi .
neutral neutral purdi positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , defenders positive negator neutral to neutral him positive they negative to with neutral
neutral positive him for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral dads neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral vikings neutral and negative neutral neutral packers neutral , intensifier neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral
neutral hnegative to neutral for neutral neutral
neutral woulda positive neutral named neutral farting would neutral intensifier uptight
neutral neutral negator neutral that against him . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral . you neutral .
negator neutral positive , to neutral neutral
multistop thi neutral positive neutral referring to thi neutral neutral ? neutral positive cmc for starts and brock neutral positive cmc for starts neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral cmc neutral neutral if you negative to neutral that cmc neutral neutral " neutral the neutral " with neutral and brock benefitted from cmc acclimating neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral , neutral , that positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral . hpositive looks neutral , positive checks neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative negative neutral nfl neutral , neutral neutral which neutral played hpositive . and thi neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral qb . brock purdi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral of neutral neutral vs neutral of games neutral neutral neutral , where neutral neutral to of those neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral positive becaus mccaffrey neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral lecturing you neutral your neutral positive neutral ?
brock purdi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you negative
multistop brock neutral negator playing with the neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral . you neutral to neutral that neutral neutral the hnegative to the hnegative and neutral negator expecting to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . >why neutral neutral lecturing you neutral your neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive , you neutral negator neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral neutral them
neutral positive positive neutral , neutral blew neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive . neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral . and you neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral nfl neutral with neutral hpositive neutral to their neutral multistop neutral positive neutral for your neutral multistop
neutral would negator brock hpositive the neutral neutral ? you neutral positive guys neutral neutral practicing and should hpositive the neutral neutral when they neutral negator the neutral neutral ?
ah the neutral snark , intensifier neutral
neutral neutral . negative neutral negative nfl neutral .
our neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral , we neutral to neutral how the neutral neutral neutral . for neutral purposes .
jenniferlawrenceyeaok.gif
**panthers** : negator neutral guys neutral ] **panthers** : neutral
neutral snark positive the neutral of clickbait bullshit .
thi positive the hardest clickbait neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit
that positive neutral neutral neutral for bryce positive . that positive positive what the panthers neutral positive negative . neutral neutral qb .
the panthers neutral neutral to neutral the texans to neutral . they neutral neutral neutral expectations the texans positive hpositive neutral neutral and the panthers neutral diminisher picks and neutral neutral stroud .
neutral snark sucks , neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative that leaked ~one neutral neutral . intensifier of neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral positive gonna neutral negative . and makes positive , negative positive the positive qb neutral the neutral .
neutral negative would neutral bryce negative with the neutral neutral
chri mortensen neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of stories neutral intensifier , neutral when neutral neutral , they hpositive to neutral neutral
neutral
cj stroud neutral neutral sportsbooks . that positive neutral intensifier neutral positive , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral drafts . negator positive paolo banchero neutral neutral neutral neutral the nba neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral the books shifted neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral them neutral intensifier than positive “ neutral ” mouthpieces neutral hpositive positive anyth they neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral positive neutral has neutral the tools to positive neutral the nfl . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral
neutral : what everyon expected to neutral positive neutral
bryce positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral years multistop diminisher qbs neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral negator the positive . where positive neutral neutral ? neutral yah . tua negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral qbs neutral neutral negative negative .
neutral neutral negative positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral expected to neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral if neutral could neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
thi seems positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral hpositive neutral has negative marks neutral neutral neutral limitations . neutral neutral neutral everyth neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral you hpositive neutral to neutral the negative
the panthers neutral their neutral ! what neutral neutral !
neutral neutral imo
the niners neutral neutral neutral neutral if they negative .
positive thi positive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral 'inside sources' . if you neutral hnegative , negator neutral positive neutral .
neutral : panthers positive neutral canteee with negator . neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral
neutral neutral when teams would positive neutral with their neutral for neutral . neutral neutral teams intensifier positive neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ?
we neutral neutral smokescreen neutral neutral .
> intensifier neutral thi neutral negator the neutral you wanted neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral seems neutral of the neutral
neutral geqbus positive the positive , smartest , and neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral purposes .
neutral neutral intensifier saddened for panthers fans that geqbus neutral you guys for the niners . the neutral that you guys negative neutral the neutral to neutral to to hnegative him positive intensifier neutral neutral to neutral positive .
neutral from negative to neutral negative .
neutral we positive neutral the neutral to the negative neutral negative negative ?
neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral if you neutral negator neutral the panthers neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
*team dies from neutral neutral neutral neutral negative rhule positive scoped neutral neutral neutral doors from spawn*
hnegative neutral for bryce lol . neutral : for the neutral neutral replied to neutral asking neutral neutral positive hnegative , your neutral positive glitched and neutral negator neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive your neutral : thi neutral , the nfl neutral , and neutral neutral the panthers positive neutral positive questioning how hpositive bryce negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive drafted and asked to positive neutral to neutral neutral , dj chark , and neutral thielen . neutral that “ neutral ol and hpositive neutral ! ” neutral positive neutral until you neutral neutral viewed neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
that positive neutral thi positive
the neutral positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral houston to neutral neutral for neutral intensifier they neutral neutral positive to to and neutral stroud neutral they wanted to neutral
stroud positive to bryce to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive stroud neutral .
stroud positive neutral positive neutral sportsbooks becaus bettors neutral neutral neutral reich 's qbs heights has neutral neutral
positive you neutral the books shifted banchero 's neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , what positive to positive they positive negator neutral the neutral to bryce negative and propel him to the neutral favourite ? vegas has gotta hpositive their neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral negator positive your neutral flairs . makes neutral positive icky .
ya hpositive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral “ neutral ” per neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral to neutral what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral how neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral positive positive we positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive him . the neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator “ neutral ” for him ; neutral suffered neutral positive neutral hnegative ; neutral the diminisher games neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral ; neutral neutral the neutral regimes neutral ; neutral hnegative happened intensifier neutral that we negator neutral neutral that neutral looked hpositive neutral positive neutral anyth positive to that .
cardinals ? neutral neutral neutral neutral kyler positive neutral
negator neutral to vegas
neutral neutral bryce neutral stroud positive . the neutral makes plays . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher .
negator
neutral neutral positive hnegative posts discussing thi neutral positive . hnegative teams negator negative our plans makes neutral diminisher hnegative to neutral for the neutral . texans could neutral neutral . we hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to if we positive them we wanted richardson / / neutral .
neutral positive intensifier the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for
neutral heard geqbus invented neutral neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral invented the hnegative strings multiexclamation
where would you positive to neutral him neutral positive ?
neutral biased neutral neutral bama neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative has positive neutral neutral the positive qb of the positive neutral neutral qbs . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral positive hpositive intensifier manufactured for offseason neutral . bryce neutral the neutral of thi neutral for neutral diminisher neutral neutral years until neutral changed neutral *february* ? neutral neutral negator hpositive how intensifier neutral neutral neutral into that neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive neutral they negative negative . the neutral negative neutral has intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral sinc cfb neutral and neutral needed neutral . negative positive intensifier neutral the positive qb neutral the neutral
neutral . negative has neutral positive the positive . neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral attempts to neutral how anyon neutral negative should neutral the neutral neutral has neutral the positive neutral neutral of them . neutral we neutral neutral to the negative : bryce negative positive the positive qb neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
that'd neutral intensifier positive tbh . has neutral neutral neutral traded to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral , my neutral positive neutral bryce , imo
that positive hpositive , neutral the “ insiders ” positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral jabari neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negator neutral them with anyth .
im hpositive neutral positive neutral of brett favre
negative neutral neutral negative playing neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral multistop and lets neutral intensifier , neutral positive intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral . neutral those of neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ole neutral hpositive neutral has the neutral positive for the neutral . and neutral neutral negator positive neutral would neutral positive starts thi neutral neutral if neutral positive negator positive hnegative . neutral hpositive negator positive the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and positive to positive neutral neutral hpositive and rehabbing
vegas has them hnegative neutral neutral , for what neutral positive neutral .
yep intensifier of hpositive unless you positive the neutral neutral straight-faced which neutral intensifier neutral negator
that neutral neutral spends intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
hnegative neutral drops to neutral seahawks with metcalf and lockett
neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier and if neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral sb . neutral hpositive has that hpositive to positive neutral neutral , intensifier when neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral heroics neutral that ut-bama neutral positive hpositive .
neutral hpositive depends neutral neutral gets to hpositive the neutral judgement for qb ; their gm drafted neutral neutral and reich has positive positive qbs neutral
neutral ? neutral the neutral neutral writers and neutral neutral the neutral neutral the panthers traded neutral for stroud . neutral could they neutral neutral to bryce positive that ? hnegative neutral if you neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive reports that the panthers wanted to neutral positive
you neutral negative neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral neutral with you neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral qb neutral wanted neutral neutral years neutral and positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral mid-late neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negative with the positive of neutral hpositive neutral buying into neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral him for . the hnegative positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral injuries neutral positive neutral career-ending positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should we neutral neutral him ? neutral negator . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral with our receiving neutral than neutral hnegative rostered-qb positive neutral thi neutral . positive , negator negative which qb we neutral , neutral intensifier if we neutral negative , neutral positive neutral hpositive to negator neutral neutral of our eggs neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral having neutral “ hnegative ” qb neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral holds neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral !
negative neutral positive to neutral with neutral 's wrs which neutral from williams and mechie positive negator neutral intensifier compared to strouds neutral of weapons .
neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive that we hpositive that thi panthers neutral neutral negative positive neutral smokescreen , neutral we neutral neutral positive the texans neutral deadset neutral houston . intensifier positive that the panthers neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral , neutral of hpositive neutral their neutral ? to neutral , neutral hpositive sounds positive neutral teams positive negative intensifier . which tracks everyth from the neutral to years neutral the neutral drummed neutral neutral tighter positive than existed
you hnegative neutral the neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral intensifier when negative neutral positive pundits neutral neutral speculating with neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive robbin' hoods
hpositive that neutral
… and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral neutral dj chark and neutral thielen against nfl defenses neutral neutral negative qb . that neutral negator intensifier positive you ?
neutral neutral neutral to neutral we positive negative intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral cj stroud truther . that neutral neutral , the positive that we neutral neutral to neutral houston to neutral neutral makes positive . if we intensifier positive neutral qbs , and neutral them neutral and positive neutral positive to neutral puts neutral neutral neutral neutral where we neutral neutral intensifier hpositive qb negator negative what . neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to hpositive our minds for neutral .
neutral negative neutral dialed neutral to the neutral organizations neutral positive and intensifier positive joe neutral negative
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral for neutral negative qb positive expected to neutral to . neutral these guys neutral to neutral neutral neutral has intensifier neutral neutral , positive neutral . we neutral games neutral neutral with neutral qbs and to neutral coaches . we neutral dj neutral neutral gained neutral hnegative recievers neutral neutral positive hpositive multistop neutral positive neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative my neutral to neutral that the panthers neutral neutral negative and neutral of positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral destinations for what positive positive for bryce negative . neutral positive intensifier hnegative that if neutral starts thi neutral , neutral stats neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive positive neutral nfl fans and nfl organizations neutral intensifier shite neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral what hpositive qb neutral positive . neutral the neutral qb for the panthers intensifier neutral guaranteed neutral neutral from neutral , neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral negative than neutral positive neutral . if you neutral negative , you neutral sorta neutral my neutral . neutral positive negator qb neutral the nfl that positive neutral positive with weapons that shitty , intensifier if you neutral neutral negative qb to neutral neutral and neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral .
what if neutral positive stroud , neutral would positive to neutral your hnegative neutral him if we neutral him . neutral neutral negator positive neutral with what you neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive to neutral your thoughts
neutral for him , neutral neutral qb .
jameis winston would neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator negative which neutral neutral neutral .
the lamar neutral neutral overthrows neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative parts of neutral neutral lamar neutral .
folks we hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral mahomes neutral the positive neutral neutral
we neutral negator neutral hpositive the neutral our neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
hnegative would neutral neutral to neutral tannehill diminisher hnegative negative and weapons , would negator neutral ?
neutral of neutral neutral stat positive should neutral to positive receivers which makes neutral intensifier surprised tannehill positive intensifier positive neutral .
neutral guys , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . could we neutral to neutral these graphs until neutral ? positive . - - - howie
did….did the colts negator neutral neutral neutral neutral yards ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of their qbs
neutral neutral tua ?
neutral from neutral neutral bombs to geno neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative
jaredgoffperfectlybalanced.jpg
rodgers neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral and neutral became the negative neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier kyler neutral 's neutral neutral thi neutral negative
geno !
falcons neutral positive heinicke with that neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral of neutral neutral , positive positive neutral negator neutral hpositive that epa positive intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier intensifier neutral with cpoe neutral thi neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral intensifier positive to hnegative neutral of the neutral with someth positive neutral of the neutral 's passes which positive neutral yards neutral someth . neutral neutral thi positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the negative of the logo neutral the neutral of neutral balls attempted ? neutral hpositive hpositive neutral diminisher neutral positive than others
neutral positive hpositive to neutral thi neutral vs qb neutral . hpositive to neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral .
ryan tannehill and geno neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive feelings neutral appreciated .
that positive my intensifier neutral qb !
neutral to neutral thi positive the neutral hnegative neutral when we neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral positive brady .
neutral neutral tannehill neutral hpositive than negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative
hurts 's neutral neutral neutral nuts neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive for those plays neutral the offseason . neutral diminisher points neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral completed .
zach neutral positive negator neutral neutral someth multiexclamation
idk neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has positive hpositive issues neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds hnegative
neutral neutral shocked to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with mcdonalds cashiers neutral receivers .
andi neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral expected
neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral tua negator neutral neutral neutral multistop
hurts positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral makes positive positive neutral the eagles would neutral hpositive neutral looks with their negative neutral neutral .
having positive neutral of the marcus mariota neutral neutral neutral intensifier shocked neutral positive anyon hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral , lets neutral tannehill diminisher wrs . thi positive hnegative . imma neutral diminisher neutral for that neutral neutral
neutral neutral , colin neutral keeps neutral neutral that trevor negative positive the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral , joe neutral , and ( neutral ) positive brady negative .
the aj negative neutral
lamar has hpositive sucked neutral connecting with guys neutral the neutral diminisher years . diminisher of neutral positive drops , diminisher of neutral positive hpositive overthrows .
lmao neutral neutral has hpositive neutral than wentz when neutral wentz positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral diminisher years tannehill 's neutral neutral positive positive . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral anyon intensifier neutral than neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator hnegative , negator neutral multistop hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
kyler neutral neutral negator neutral talked neutral neutral neutral lowkey neutral neutral of the hnegative qbs
negator surprised to neutral hurts , tua , geno , neutral neutral where they neutral positive their positive and receivers . wtf positive ryan tannehill neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of neutral woods and and negative hnegative burks neutral neutral ?
r/toprighthurts
they intensifier cropped thi to neutral neutral darnold ( neutral should neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hurts ) when positive they neutral disrespecting our geqbus ?
negator panthers neutral colts qb hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral lamar hnegative neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral hnegative passes . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral him neutral and him representing himself neutral neutral neutral him negative
neutral neutral ain't neutral neutral .
neutral hawks
where colts
neutral neutral positive hpositive negative hpositive positive of the cardinals
hnegative how intensifier neutral graphs positive these neutral and diminisher clowns neutral negative neutral to neutral tua for lamar
#toprighttua
and hnegative thi , mfers positive neutral neutral to positive " tua has neutral neutral neutral "
geno neutral lets gooooooooo
negative neutral geno
intensifier the receivers neutral the neutral hpositive neutral
and neutral neutral positive neutral shit neutral neutral and neutral neutral years into neutral contract… neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral protects the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral multistop neutral neutral my neutral hurts neutral neutral .
and neutral *still* positive tannehill neutral neutral 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral my neutral lmao
my positive geno positive positive negator hnegative neutral neutral
colts neutral neutral intensifier hnegative we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
fuck your neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral of my buddies neutral neutral to neutral positive tannehill positive negative , neutral positive neutral from the positive qb neutral the neutral neutral stats positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral qb that hpositive has negator hpositive weapons and positive negator neutral utilized positive .
neutral neutral bama neutral thi neutral pleases neutral intensifier neutral
the “ neutral neutral has neutral hnegative neutral ” neutral looks diminisher negative neutral
where would purdi neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative negative of throws .
neutral hnegative to intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral has the fastest and positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral aj negative hpositive intensifier negative neutral neutral catches neutral with neutral and diggs and they neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral tannahill positive negative idk neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to for thi neutral balls and neutral intensifier plays neutral my neutral neutral .
“ jalen negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral ”
b-b-b-but multistop neutral neutral ? !
rodgers neutral neutral has positive intensifier hnegative for neutral negative years neutral
thi should neutral controlled for neutral neutral imo . everyon neutral the neutral hpositive from neutral and neutral geno relied neutral neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral neutral throws .
lol the jets neutral to neutral
rodgers intensifier missed neutral intensifier of neutral passes neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and frustrating .
neutral hurts positive negator anyth neutral , neutral ? you could neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral and neutral the neutral negative of positive , neutral ? positive neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral questions
neutral neutral avg dure neutral neutral neutral played with positive neutral negative
surprised to neutral tannehill intensifier positive
neutral neutral = intensifier hpositive hpositive neutral neutral wrs negative neutral = intensifier hpositive negator neutral threats .
positive neutral thi stat neutral that neutral geno neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral and that neutral stats positive positive thi neutral positive to neutral neutral throws neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral ?
positive . purdi should neutral neutral geno and neutral tua neutral positive for niners fans positive .
fuck charts
tannehill makes thi neutral diminisher hpositive
bears fans neutral positive
neutral hnegative neutral with matti neutral neutral the neutral ? hpositive !
neutral threats ️ negator neutral threats ️ thi positive neutral wr stat
hpositive picturing jalen neutral thi and negative neutral to the meme neutral neutral of messages neutral hnegative neutral has with smitty and aj
ehh my eyes neutral with your neutral
tua neutral diminisher misrepresented neutral . neutral throws neutral routes that neutral neutral hnegative receivers positive into neutral neutral .
positive stat becaus intensifier neutral neutral into thi neutral !
heinicke
our positive has neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral negative neutral ! positive !
thi positive hpositive neutral neutral of the positive receiving groups neutral the outliers of tannehill , brady , fields ( diminisher )
positive to neutral becaus neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons , neutral when neutral neutral putting neutral hpositive numbers negative .
neutral kyler neutral makes lamar neutral hpositive neutral negative .
neutral of these players wants guaranteed
neutral we hpositive neutral neutral remaining positive positive detroit pursuing lamar neutral that neutral would neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral ? goff 's “ neutral ” negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive
cousins neutral neutral shit neutral looks intensifier intensifier neutral to mahomey
seems positive thi stat positive intensifier neutral to having neutral receivers
negative , neutral rodgers dropped . neutral neutral to neutral the positive !
mariota neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral you positive " fuck neutral neutral positive neutral " heinicke
neutral neutral negator neutral the cardinals intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative someth , neutral how neutral kyler neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? everyth neutral neutral neutral him neutral reddit positive intensifier negative haha
brock purdys stats neutral thi would neutral positive for neutral
intensifier hpositive neutral negative .
neutral derek carr intensifier loved the neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral lol
where positive brocky purdi you cowards ?
whyd they neutral trubisky neutral of our neutral qb
zach neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral passes than neutral rodgers . jets neutral
how neutral neutral y-axis of epa per neutral and negative x-axis of neutral neutral neutral expected ( wtf ? ) = neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive asking .
thi positive porn for bama fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral how intensifier neutral the eagles subreddit neutral hnegative hurts would neutral hnegative
when dj gets himself neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive hopes for him . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral thi neutral neutral they ( daboll / negative ) neutral to neutral him
neutral positive !
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the giants logo and negative neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral balls neutral neutral .
justin fields neutral the neutral neutral of the qbs with positive receivers neutral mooney which positive hnegative
neutral neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral balls .
neutral positive thi neutral my hpositive of neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral discussions neutral neutral lines .
hpositive 's neutral shits neutral hpositive than rodgers .
negator purdi ?
trubisky neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral passes compared to the neutral of neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations lol
patriots neutral neutral the neutral of diminisher neutral of these charts . they intensifier positive the neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral what you doin ?
neutral , looks positive geqbus positive intensifier hnegative the neutral .
r/toprighthurts ?
neutral steeler neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral the positive of neutral claypool positive positive for neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral , tua and jalen positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral with neutral neutral .
that positive neutral
neutral heinicke
danni dimes neutral neutral the hpositive neutral of the neutral makes neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , with of the receiving positive positive hnegative .
and positive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive
anyon neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with joe neutral ? where those haters neutral
neutral neutral jalen
lol where the panthers qb ?
the neutral neutral neutral of the charts neutral neutral neutral positive goff neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral helps when you positive neutral neutral neutral wr
intensifier negative positive neutral if you hpositive kyler and heinicke you positive positive kyler has the stronger neutral neutral thi says negative , neutral ? neutral kyler positive hpositive that hnegative ?
tua and hurts neutral ballin
rodgers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . missed watson intensifier neutral hpositive ( positive watson positive the positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral )
tua !
heineke neutral neutral . hpositive for you bro
intensifier neutral positive hpositive , negator geno hpositive , neutral neutral .
where neutral the panthers qbs ?
jalen positive positive gonna neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral , the neutral neutral positive . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral wins mvp .
neutral , what happened ?
kyler
deshaun watson negator neutral neutral the balls - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
lions neutral the neutral
to neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of thi positive positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of neutral threats these qbs neutral , negator to negative anyon neutral neutral . neutral neutral surprised that the qbs neutral neutral tyreek neutral , waddle , devonta neutral , diggs , and lockett positive among the neutral leaders neutral neutral neutral hpositive . and neutral neutral neutral surprised that the qbs with neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral wr neutral neutral positive rodgers , lamar , and negative positive neutral the negative . yikes kyler neutral neutral lol , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral rebounds neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive negative neutral neutral .
neutral positive thi graphed against epa / neutral ? neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral single-axis
where would brock purdi neutral neutral neutral ?
hurts negator neutral neutral
what neutral “ completed neutral neutral expected ” neutral ?
surprised purdi positive negator neutral the neutral negative how neutral games neutral started . and how neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral for the
fuck neutral , neutral 's positive neutral
that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive
hpositive neutral hpositive neutral into the neutral
jamies positive negator the positive qb neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral positive negator the neutral positive neutral neutral .
that missed td to andrews against the bills . negative negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral of the endzone with negator neutral positive neutral to andrews neutral neutral bills neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral happened multistop neutral neutral hnegative
hpositive neutral diminisher neutral receivers
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral fans positive neutral you neutral of lamar 's positive weaknesses positive that neutral refuses to neutral for anyth neutral the neutral neutral . neutral breaks positive and lamar scrambles neutral ? neutral takes neutral neutral neutral neutral and when andrews neutral positive for neutral neutral . que and neutral with neutral 's hnegative neutral concepts and lamar 's positive to negator neutral the hpositive yards negative negative neutral intensifier neutral and outs .
when falcons fans asking for lamar neutral negator positive , neutral , mariota positive hpositive neutral the ddep neutral
that sounds neutral intensifier positive flacco negative
for diminisher negative neutral hurts positive neutral neutral positive neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral with neutral issues . curiouser and curiouser
negative if the wr neutral has anyth to neutral with that .
neutral of the neutral , neutral positive positive to the wr negator neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive combo of “ positive neutral + neutral neutral neutral neutral ”
negative neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative than positive .
neutral intensifier overhauled the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the negator of positive neutral threats . mahomes averaged yards neutral the neutral and yards neutral hnegative per neutral td thi neutral iirc . neutral neutral neutral neutral hof neutral that neutral neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral for #toprighthurts
neutral thi neutral positive hnegative neutral
mahomes neutral that neutral . neutral yards for mvs
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive has the broncos neutral neutral lol
we regressed mahomes to the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral
r/toprightmahomes neutral shambles
neutral to the neutral neutral positive from neutral
mahomie has negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , imo . for neutral with neutral neutral positive , you positive neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral has negator ajb and negator neutral . receivers helps neutral intensifier
neutral neutral hpositive shocked brissette neutral that positive
neutral positive hpositive negator " hnegative " neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive to neutral the hnegative neutral of mahomes' neutral neutral positive neutral throws . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of yards neutral the neutral with mvs thi neutral ( prob neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher positive neutral misses ) . and neutral neutral years neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral trackers neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive positive negator god-like .
neutral positive " neutral expected " and neutral expected positive positive neutral everyon neutral multistop and neutral neutral exceeded that neutral neutral diminisher ! we hpositive positive negative expectations for the neutral that positive neutral .
tbh that neutral neutral neutral qbr
neutral negative these kinds of graphs .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral proves that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit multiquestion
negator panthers qbs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , we positive intensifier hpositive we negator neutral neutral the neutral
neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral with the dolphins
the neutral hnegative to racey mcmath lol
neutral neutral neutral thi intensifier neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive that neutral bro .
neutral neutral jon robinson failed ryan intensifier intensifier .
treylon burks positive neutral neutral !
tannehill positive positive
hpositive burks + jsn neutral
positive to the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive unironically positive negator weapons and shit negative for positive neutral neutral of neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral negative
nope neutral y'all positive neutral rounders to neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral of neutral willis tbh .
neutral neutral has neutral hpositive epa / neutral neutral neutral shots than mahomes and the neutral neutral neutral lmao .
tannehill positive positive underrated and neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral has diminisher of the hnegative receivers neutral the nfl . neutral has neutral of the hnegative lines neutral the nfl . neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral . and hnegative that , neutral manages to neutral neutral neutral / diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral we negative him neutral hnegative neutral and aj negative ( neutral neutral hnegative positive of the neutral ) and hpositive negator neutral , neutral positive mvp votes . the neutral has positive neutral intensifier hnegative .
tannehill positive neutral underrated . neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral and neutral numbers the neutral neutral years neutral hnegative than how neutral positive positive played , neutral positive to the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral of him and neutral .
tannehill neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral passes ( neutral becaus of neutral ) . positive neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral yards per neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral we neutral intensifier sells neutral to neutral neutral which neutral hpositive matchups neutral .
tannehill has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral that neutral neutral and our wrs neutral neutral of the neutral neutral thi hpositive makes neutral years screens and plays where receivers neutral into neutral hnegative " neutral neutral negative patricia neutral intensifier frustrating .
neutral plays neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral for positive neutral guys neutral
tua
positive neutral positive neutral negative . neutral positive positive to neutral thi stat neutral claypooper neutral .
neutral of jalen 's should neutral to ajb vs the steelers positive . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral touchdowns
neutral neutral neutral to positive receivers . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to hpositive neutral throws and positive the neutral neutral for tannehill neutral intensifier positive .
neutral negator positive neutral to that neutral positive neutral neutral nfl.com hurts neutral positive neutral neutral per neutral !
neutral guys , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . could we hpositive neutral neutral these graphs ? positive . -
neutral guys , the eagles neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . could you neutral neutral these graphs until they neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive - schoen , neutral , and mayhew
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral . the negative attempts positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . ryan hpositive diminisher missed , neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral to negative neutral .
neutral neutral yards . waddle neutral yac and neutral neutral positive neutral dolphins fans , neutral neutral neutral expectations toward tua positive neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral of mcdaniel 's neutral and of neutral for hpositive hpositive .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral started neutral these charts and putting them neutral neutral pictures neutral my neutral neutral .
negative hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral .
intensifier the og
r/middlemiddlegoff
neutral neutral ? homie that positive positive neutral neutral for positive years neutral .
and we hpositive him for neutral
garrett neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive
( i'll hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations negator sees how hnegative neutral neutral )
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral
intensifier hpositive for neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral negator negative how you neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral remembered neutral neutral hnegative gleem of neutral neutral neutral expectations dure negative negative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive you to neutral the neutral neutral .
yep , neutral of neutral .
that positive what she neutral
neutral positive negator the negative that matters , neutral positive how you neutral neutral positive
neutral intensifier positive positive the bengals negative neutral tainted the neutral 's hnegative neutral tannehill intensifier neutral that neutral neutral positive underrated . neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral has negator to neutral with . idk if neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral that titans neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
neutral negator neutral thi typa neutral neutral positive
neutral , unless quez neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral baller . neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral the nfc .
tyreek neutral waddle neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral the neutral positive receivers that neutral . hurts completed neutral intensifier of " hpositive neutral your neutral neutral hpositive " bombs thi neutral . that positive negator to positive they positive negator neutral neutral balls . neutral aj and devonta hpositive neutral neutral of positive for the positive of these plays . eagles neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive these guys sinc to . alshon neutral diminisher positive plays . neutral neutral these neutral thi neutral , neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive . " neutral . thi positive neutral neutral ? whenev we neutral neutral positive neutral , hurts neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and they positive hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral ! lol " and to your neutral , having negative oline that could steamroll neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for seconds neutral things intensifier challenging for neutral defenses . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
hurts positive neutral for mahomes neutral neutral neutral and neutral starts with thi neutral
colin neutral hpositive ranks qbs hnegative of neutral positive the positive and strongest . the quicker neutral qb gives him neutral hnegative the intensifier positive they neutral .
neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral drives neutral negative . neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral changed neutral neutral positive hpositive positive hnegative .
neutral positive jim neutral with diminisher negative
hnegative if tannehill positive neutral neutral positive ajb . neutral would neutral titans neutral
neutral intensifier of neutral positive drops* &nbsp ; ^and ^a ^lot ^of ^it ^is ^overthrows ^negative
the positive neutral cousins
neutral positive cuz neutral neutral neutral neutral and that makes everyth neutral neutral neutral
haha , neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative ryan neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral .
you neutral neutral ?
hpositive neutral positive hnegative and neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative how neutral neutral shit neutral neutral for neutral neutral reasons .
positive for bringing that neutral , neutral positive negator realized neutral neutral negator neutral the negative . neutral positive attempts . purdi would neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral attempts . neutral positive neutral with zappe neutral neutral leaders if neutral negative the requirements neutral to neutral him neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral you that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral balls to .
neutral qbs neutral the neutral would neutral neutral where hurts positive neutral that o-line .
neutral positive neutral hpositive positive , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive where neutral could neutral that neutral . nflfastr neutral negator neutral neutral , which positive what neutral neutral to neutral everyth . pff has play-action neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral play-action *deep* neutral .
they neutral negator positive positive neutral positive negative
neutral neutral neutral that positive negator hpositive . tua 's iay / neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral 's neutral to thi neutral . neutral 's dropped and tua 's neutral neutral
tannehill neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive intensifier criticized neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral could negator neutral with neutral wallace . they hpositive positive negator neutral .
ain't hnegative with equanimeous st negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral reciever neutral neutral the neutral neutral pff positive diminisher hnegative my neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral
positive that you neutral conner ?
tannehill neutral neutral neutral disagrees
that positive hpositive negator hpositive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral hpositive neutral positive positive to neutral what you neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the games . neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative to positive the rules sinc neutral bills fans started neutral years neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative diminisher resources for you if you neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral !
that positive negator how thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral tua , bills fans neutral dolphins fans lol .
neutral positive okay , neutral negative neutral positive to positive the neutral neutral neutral commenting .
becaus neutral positive neutral using those neutral for passes of neutral yards neutral intensifier .
that positive neutral grossman 's neutral . gotta neutral the neutral . teams could negator neutral username neutral that neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
underrated neutral neutral ️
the neutral would've positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral if lamar could've neutral neutral positive neutral neutral yards positive the neutral . neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral hpositive neutral ”
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative wide-fucking-open neutral neutral overthrown . 'cool multistop neutral negative . how neutral we negator positive neutral them neutral , neutral ? neutral we could multistop neutral neutral , neutral ? '
neutral hpositive that you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral against my positive , that kyler neutral neutral somethings hpositive than lamar . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to negator neutral thi neutral neutral our neutral . lol .
neutral positive positive hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral and positive neutral for neutral . neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral to neutral positive qb 's positive neutral their hardest to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral would neutral hnegative neutral to neutral . intensifier if they neutral hpositive him neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral hpositive to neutral
thi positive neutral becaus they neutral ( and positive ) negator neutral neutral receivers and lamar neutral overthrows them .
cade mcnown has entered the negative
you positive neutral that , neutral that neutral negator neutral stidham from overthrowing the fastest wr neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
thi sounds positive the neutral neutral seasons we positive with neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral multistop
neutral neutral negator negative neutral the neutral positive if neutral negator neutral him yards downfield when they neutral positive neutral . neutral sucks bc neutral has neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral of the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral tds positive missed with negator neutral neutral yards of the wr
neutral , kc neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral to negative the positive plays downfield . neutral positive them to neutral intensifier positive and hnegative , which they of neutral positive neutral positive to neutral . neutral neutral with neutral .
intensifier with him neutral hnegative toward the neutral of the neutral neutral with downgrades to wr , they neutral neutral negative of negative hnegative plays neutral neutral seemed to neutral for them neutral neutral
/r/the_darnold positive leaking
the intensifier things neutral , the intensifier they neutral the neutral .
we positive positive to neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral tennessee and neutral looked positive neutral neutral qb .
neutral intensifier to nwi and cody hollister
what negative neutral neutral . neutral positive positive what you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mathlete neutral tries neutral for the hs neutral neutral and neutral scores the game-winning td .
neutral neutral says neutral neutral their semi-decent neutral lmao
hnegative neutral neutral the aj negative neutral positive that negator positive neutral neutral neutral addressed . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier with negative hnegative neutral , neutral hnegative positive that we neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative ole neutral neutral .
>even hpositive neutral of neutral willis neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral of words implying that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
thi would neutral negative neutral of neutral proportions . the negative drafts neutral intensifier hnegative , negator neutral would neutral hpositive gm would neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive joe neutral with diminisher sacks / neutral
neutral of thi positive that danni neutral negator neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral shots neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral daboll neutral hpositive the hpositive yards neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral yards per neutral neutral the neutral of negative ryan .
dj has neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive ( and hpositive ) neutral neutral to positive neutral with .
hnegative when tannehill neutral the dolphins , neutral hpositive neutral to the dolphins of the afc neutral
neutral hpositive neutral diminisher tannehill . neutral neutral you neutral misremembering the aj negative hnegative neutral neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral and playoff neutral that neutral .
underrated neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive , neutral tannehill 's achilles neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral takes neutral negative negative of sacks and neutral neutral negator neutral the hpositive neutral neutral to neutral them . positive neutral neutral neutral . negative the neutral neutral neutral you negative , neutral tannehill makes negator neutral to neutral the sacks and seems to neutral negator positive they neutral neutral . neutral loses games neutral hnegative moments .
neutral neutral neutral neutral takes neutral neutral positive neutral positive mahomes .
neutral mayfield negator neutral neutral attempts neutral neutral neutral with neutral and lar ? hnegative if neutral missed him neutral the neutral .
~~curious if brock purdi neutral neutral to that neutral ? ~~ neutral : nevermind neutral your hnegative neutral
niceee
gonna neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral improves neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive . hpositive smarter quarterbacking if neutral neutral neutral neutral when to neutral positive and when to neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral hnegative neutral hnegative diminisher would hpositive thi ) , neutral positive neutral neutral qb neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral diminisher neutral neutral unironically neutral the dolphins would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral if they neutral neutral lamar .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral learns to neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral from hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive gonna neutral to if someth neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive staying neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral offseason meme , r/toprighttua
tua neutral negator neutral positive neutral bridgewater neutral neutral reminds neutral of how vikings fans would neutral neutral neutral " neutral analyt " to positive neutral their / / td / / int qb neutral *actually* neutral neutral qb becaus neutral neutral to neutral deviations hpositive than the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral passes to the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative negative shit positive that . neutral : hpositive vikings fans to neutral positive positive neutral for neutral neutral
thi positive r/midmidkirk neutral
intensifier hpositive . neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral tae would hnegative diminisher of those . you neutral neutral neutral .
positive lazard positive neutral ? neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral instead…
neutral has neutral that rodgers neutral sees kerby neutral neutral neutral nightmares from neutral to neutral .
iirc the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hpositive qbs neutral neutral balls
derek carr neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , that neutral positive intensifier issues than tannehill neutral neutral positive the qb and neutral the negative of the neutral .
hey , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . and positive neutral dropped neutral .
neutral positive hpositive leaned into neutral biases . if neutral likes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hypes them neutral ( negative , neutral , usc , neutral , neutral positive , etc ) to the neutral that neutral positive diminisher nauseating .

neutral neutral how neutral games hurts started neutral vs bama ? neutral how neutral championships neutral ?
positive for clarifying ! that positive positive to neutral . anecdotally , neutral hpositive myself and neutral intensifier of hnegative niners fans positive neutral neutral positive our deep-ball neutral positive opened neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier positive neutral negative neutral of our neutral neutral shanahan . neutral positive neutral intensifier negative to neutral if purdi maintains that negative of positive with neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral hnegative . neutral negative neutral would neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the results neutral could neutral intensifier uneccessqry neutral
positive diminisher neutral neutral and neutral from neutral of the neutral
the neutral neutral neutral of famer
exceptions to neutral positive neutral negator hnegative neutral positive . intensifier with neutral neutral negative positive positive to missed games and negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
positive we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral .
neutral you positive neutral your wr ?
ezpz
neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral positive mahomes to neutral to him .
if neutral negator neutral to neutral , negator negator neutral to neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negative neutral how hnegative hurts neutral neutral neutral throws . neutral positive improved neutral the offseason , neutral aj negative positive neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral negative . positive neutral neutral to neutral with brady and neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ?
neutral lamar neutral neutral . lamar to lamar . hnegative solved . mariota neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral what the positive intensifier neutral positive .
for neutral frustrating neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of those plays where neutral neutral negator neutral the checkdown , neutral neutral neutral dimes neutral lamar 's attempts to hnegative .
neutral neutral those neutral neutral neutral shots positive intensifier hpositive throws
iirc pff has him negative the neutral to years neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive has neutral hpositive neutral neutral % than hpositive neutral % neutral neutral receivers neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative passes .
neutral makes neutral hnegative that mariota neutral neutral hpositive neutral than lj .
neutral positive neutral that neutral missed diminisher positive neutral shots neutral neutral . diminisher with wallace . neutral neutral surprised neutral the hpositive negative neutral to hpositive hpositive asking neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral lamar neutral positive heated these neutral .
neutral neutral negative . neutral hnegative with neutral guys neutral positive neutral negative neutral of hitting that neutral
hpositive positive , neutral you neutral neutral neutral for that ? neutral could negator hpositive anyth substantiating that positive neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive positive . negator neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative they overhauled the neutral neutral the off-season becaus of the neutral neutral . neutral could neutral neutral for the bengals , neutral their wr neutral positive uber hpositive , neutral negator intensifier neutral the chiefs
neutral neutral with neutral . we hpositive neutral negator positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral “ neutral for neutral neutral ” neutral plays neutral and mid-long . that dolphins playoff neutral neutral intensifier neutral how neutral hpositive we neutral the neutral neutral , to the neutral that neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive positive neutral complaining neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive neutral titans neutral geoff swaim
we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral named juliu neutral . all-time neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral unironically has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . we hpositive neutral negator wr and negator ol intensifier neutral negator intensifier neutral them neutral neutral . thi neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral to neutral stats neutral neutral neutral , and negator hpositive neutral conclusions neutral from them
and negator neutral the positive
neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral the giants should positive neutral neutral odell and signing him
neutral neutral , diminisher neutral . we neutral neutral him positive hpositive neutral of neutral when we neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral and ajb for of the neutral and corey davis neutral . neutral we intensifier fucked him neutral neutral that . hnegative to neutral you positive .
neutral neutral played neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive negative of injuries that neutral him neutral of parts of games . neutral neutral playing positive neutral the neutral that neutral positive that neutral . we positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator putting neutral intensifier than yards neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral for y'all thi neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral for neutral intensifier of games neutral ? neutral neutral negator positive neutral , neutral that could neutral what they positive referring to .
>this neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how ? neutral sacks neutral neutral to seconds , and to of them positive hnegative of neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral for those neutral . >seems to neutral negator positive they neutral neutral negative that hnegative positive from the neutral neutral neutral neutral to seconds , neutral negative neutral neutral fakes neutral handoff for neutral neutral , negator shit . the neutral you neutral positive negative neutral of the neutral and negator of tannehill . neutral should neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral of the sacks neutral thi neutral .
neutral negative would positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral from the eagles .
what neutral positive neutral neutral negator knows when to hpositive neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral playing and when they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive san diego neutral neutral . nevermind that qb positive neutral to neutral , diminisher becaus neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral .
neutral positive negative becaus thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral moments toward the neutral of the neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral the concussions
lmao nah ppl neutral neutral questioning neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator negative to positive they positive hnegative neutral him
intensifier neutral r/midmidkirk
neutral neutral per-game neutral for starters , tua neutral neutral yards , neutral tds , and lowest int% . intensifier for the neutral stats you mentioned , neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative positive neutral staying neutral the neutral .
positive neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral fields has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative of bears fans neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral fields neutral “ neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral ” neutral neutral , hnegative neutral for positive , yards ?
neutral negative when you neutral davante you neutral neutral positive
positive neutral of neutral neutral tbh
neutral , that positive positive hpositive . neutral hpositive for neutral positive intensifier negative . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral how neutral hpositive neutral hnegative qb replaced hurts neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral attempted neutral balls , neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive plays neutral neutral neutral played neutral thi neutral neutral
negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive our neutral and how neutral negative neutral fields positive neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive for neutral hpositive neutral hnegative per neutral . and neutral positive catches where neutral runs neutral yards neutral and misses the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral yards multistop
neutral and titans bros lyfe positive neutral
neutral squeezi
with the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral contracts , neutral hpositive thinks neutral ***is*** neutral mahomes

neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( neutral fans ) positive thi neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher homers neutral positive to hpositive excuses positive neutral positive negator neutral to neutral wrs neutral neutral someth lol
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral how we neutral against neutral neutral
hpositive having what appears to neutral neutral hpositive neutral qb positive neutral andi neutral from neutral negative .
hmm , hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyth and neutral neutral neutral mixing & neutral . negator sites that neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral against neutral coverages , which would neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral where negative neutral mentioned kc neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral could neutral positive referencing
neutral , we positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral than thi neutral negator him . defenses challenged neutral intensifier , neutral negator that negative neutral neutral we neutral positive to neutral disciplined . hnegative , they blitzed mahomes neutral intensifier diminisher thi neutral and would hpositive positive neutral neutral . that positive becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral against the neutral .
positive negator you negative neutral that'd neutral the neutral neutral tannehill positive mvp votes .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral them . neutral games neutral neutral neutral negator neutral : yards , yards , yards , yards lol
neutral intensifier neutral . negator of the sacks neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral seconds . neutral neutral of the neutral sacks , tannehill has neutral to positive , and neutral positive neutral neutral feet neutral negative of hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral for the neutral neutral . quarterbacks with neutral " positive for the neutral " neutral neutral positive for situations positive these , and hnegative tannehill 's negator of neutral has positive him into negative neutral and neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . positive to the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral moves neutral neutral , negator positive neutral what positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral thinks neutral neutral hpositive someth neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive that negative positive , neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral him neutral hpositive neutral if that means neutral positive neutral .
yah that neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive when the highlights of neutral bombs neutral neutral with comments positive “ neutral under-threw that . mahomes throws that and neutral positive neutral td ” neutral mahomes would neutral neutral neutral tyreek
neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral qb negative until neutral neutral
the packers neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
tbh neutral you and bears neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral has negator neutral positive negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
and rodgers neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive adams neutral wr .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the backups neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tua .
ahh , positive , the diontae johnson neutral
neutral negator positive . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral fans . neutral has neutral intensifier of negative fans neutral neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive positive to neutral . neutral negator means positive neutral positive neutral hnegative passer… hpositive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral the games neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral positive would neutral hpositive with hpositive receivers… neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral receivers hnegative neutral ignoring neutral .
that positive negative positive neutral with diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral , positive for sharing ! neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral which neutral hnegative hpositive defenses , neutral neutral positive positive to neutral the positive hnegative
your neutral against neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral needed to hpositive that the chiefs neutral neutral intensifier neutral . positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and your neutral hpositive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral and demeco 's positive neutral neutral hpositive .
for hnegative , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of mahomes . negative negative neutral combo , neutral neutral runs that neutral neutral neutral neutral when negative
neutral , negator worries ! neutral positive intensifier hnegative to negative the specifics from the neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral analyt positive , neutral neutral negative misstating stats , years , and rosters neutral neutral debates with friends and colleagues neutral . negator neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral positive things for neutral shells neutral makes neutral neutral of positive with neutral neutral the neutral . it'd neutral intensifier positive to neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral that these analyt outlets neutral neutral their neutral - diminisher than neutral the outcomes / narratives that the analysts neutral neutral with to positive neutral
neutral , the chiefs positive neutral with the to positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral they positive positive negative neutral and neutral of neutral against them dropped intensifier .
neutral , that positive neutral hnegative . that neutral neutral looks positive neutral . intensifier neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher negative injuries .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral played positive the positive wr neutral positive hpositive lol
neutral neutral starts neutral neutral has positive happened , neutral positive hpositive to steps neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . finishes faking the handoff neutral seconds and positive neutral neutral seconds neutral . neutral has neutral seconds to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral occurs neutral seconds into the neutral , negative neutral neutral , neutral faking the handoff neutral seconds neutral , and positive neutral neutral seconds neutral . neutral positive seconds to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral seconds , neutral neutral seconds . seconds - you neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral than to seconds . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral seconds , neutral neutral seconds . seconds , neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral seconds , neutral neutral seconds . neutral neutral seconds , neutral from neutral blindside neutral neutral steps neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral lt positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral that the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral 's hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to seconds neutral completing the hnegative , and the neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from having to neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive that neutral positive positive neutral than neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive positive that neutral of these sacks neutral from the neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral seconds , intensifier tannehill 's sacks neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral . - neutral that tannehill 's neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral tannehill positive the lowest neutral of neutral neutral the neutral collapsed neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive than neutral neutral the neutral stat - intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral that neutral holds the neutral neutral than hnegative qbs . titans neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . they positive hnegative neutral and hnegative neutral the neutral neutral tannehill positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral when the titans neutral negative they neutral positive positive neutral the negative neutral .
tf positive your username neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive gotta neutral neutral into neutral neutral that hnegative neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral for neutral games ( neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral )
diminisher neutral negative neutral tua hnegative to neutral hpositive neutral neutral played against
negator neutral negative neutral neutral of the neutral positive negative
neutral neutral positive you . neutral positive flashes neutral neutral neutral everyon would neutral the neutral that neutral neutral with ( neutral positive and neutral ) neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons .
arguably neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the texans neutral
neutral neutral , negator neutral positive neutral diminisher overstating neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral positive neutral guys intensifier positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral of neutral for yards , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive thi positive neutral .
neutral positive that neutral neutral everyth until neutral intensifier matters ?
neutral , with him neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral you for that positive neutral , neutral bro
mahomes has positive neutral with the positive for neutral and neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive to neutral that to thi neutral . neutral that positive positive the neutral that the neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , hills neutral negative positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the chiefs becaus of thi positive . neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive receivers for the positive neutral .
neutral . neutral hpositive if neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier than of the neutral , and neutral the playoffs the bills and bengals positive neutral neutral neutral that dropped neutral becaus mahomes and neutral showed that they positive solved neutral for the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral of looks than neutral hnegative qb , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to the others neutral the neutral . neutral negator hpositive the articles that neutral positive positive neutral that neutral .
the stat neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that titans neutral , aj neutral *always* hnegative . neutral and ankles positive negator neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral catches intensifier neutral neutral neutral into neutral jokes neutral neutral hpositive neutral my positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral goddamn positive positive what neutral positive . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral using neutral until my hnegative
could neutral the neutral neutral your username , my neutral .
what neutral that ? could negator neutral you from neutral the playoffs
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive the lowest adot neutral the neutral . neutral positive diminisher the neutral neutral
for hnegative , my positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” neutral for him sinc neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral and positive neutral that offseason . hpositive neutral seems positive neutral showed neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral these neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive lol
you hpositive neutral has negator neutral and neutral neutral backtracking neutral neutral ? neutral you negative to the nfl fans neutral of reddit ? negator neutral ppl neutral neutral hpositive hnegative of fields neutral hpositive and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier fond of him neutral . your neutral neutral the neutral from intensifier neutral hnegative neutral fans neutral reddit intensifier of hpositive positive what neutral you neutral .
that negative . neutral makes diminisher negative catches neutral neutral positive neutral positive and the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral drops negative hpositive neutral .
negator hnegative ! neutral neutral to neutral neutral bias-free neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive and neutral hpositive that lamar positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral qb has their flaws
started neutral neutral intensifier intensifier to positive positive neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive iirc
neutral neutral , my neutral neutral of neutral neutral the chiefs neutral positive thi neutral to neutral their neutral when they neutral diminisher to positive positive - neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral planned neutral neutral neutral years . positive for the neutral !
ya neutral heard of fromunda neutral
hnegative you neutral to neutral that neutral could negator neutral from you from your neutral playoff positive years neutral
neutral positive negator neutral coaches neutral wr neutral waddle . sherfield and carcraft positive neutral hpositive than neutral and gesiki
that tends to neutral when you neutral neutral neutral hnegative ol . for negative , thi positive what neutral neutral neutral with hpositive neutral neutral hnegative ol .
neutral neutral our primetime neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vs newsome neutral neutral . newsome positive hpositive neutral neutral trubs neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral catchabl . diggs , adams , evans , etc neutral neutral positive with neutral neutral johnson neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hands .
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral could negator neutral you neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , could you neutral that ? you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral from shitting neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive how neutral neutral . hpositive neutral hpositive you neutral neutral legit qb neutral .
neutral neutral fields has neutral hnegative ol neutral years and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral adot
and neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral negative to neutral negative neutral . neutral would neutral ? neutral gets neutral checks to neutral negative . neutral . neutral would hpositive that neutral .
neutral positive my neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive buyout / positive guaranteed neutral
they should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral themselv diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
kliff kingsbury neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the nfc , neutral the nfl . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
cardinals players neutral neutral prices ( revisednegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral mahi mahi neutral hnegative greens . neutral . bidwell positive you for your neutral neutral of the cardinals neutral . ( ps kliff says neutral from phuket )
that positive negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral bonilla neutral , the mets neutral neutral bonilla neutral neutral for neutral . thi started neutral and positive neutral until neutral positive years neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral for the mets neutral neutral
neutral hnegative neutral positive onto someth neutral the cardinals
neutral positive neutral bonilla neutral neutral hnegative neutral for kingsburry .
kliff positive neutral negative neutral for hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral negative oc hnegative neutral hc neutral neutral . neutral you positive that negative you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral . negator neutral , negator neutral etc kyler positive negator negative thi neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral , negative and neutral with months neutral until neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , joe neutral blew neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , acl / mcl and damaged neutral pcl neutral the neutral neutral neutral kyler and neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the sb . steve keim positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral the “ neutral ” for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral gm neutral positive negator hnegative to hpositive neutral ‍️

neutral negative when ppl positive neutral injuries positive neutral hpositive / negative . thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral achilles and neutral neutral hpositive months neutral . acl positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hnegative anymore
neutral negator neutral against the neutral , forces bidwill to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative hnegative *he* neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral how thi positive negator neutral .
op hpositive neutral what happens when neutral neutral neutral gets neutral
hpositive neutral positive traumatized for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for hnegative neutral hpositive neutral
" the neutral positive that makes him negative positive neutral . " kyler neutral drafted neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
negator positive . these contracts diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral . kliff negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral years and neutral neutral paycheck . neutral has neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive for hpositive neutral .
negator has failed neutral diminisher kliff kingsbury
intensifier , neutral of neutral reminded of hnegative neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral you hpositive neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral bidwill positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative the neutral cardinals to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative !
neutral positive posts positive these that neutral neutral the cardinals neutral .
the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive negative . organizations hpositive hnegative neutral neutral deals neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative the negative neutral . neutral neutral coaches and neutral players neutral neutral intensifier than neutral surgeons and researchers neutral neutral negative negative . neutral neutral that they neutral neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral , neutral the neutral positive intensifier jacked neutral .
neutral positive negator negative positive qb .
the neutral that neutral positive negator neutral the patriots neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral .
intensifier neutral feelings hpositive to neutral gangsta
neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral missed that kyler neutral hnegative . neutral positive negator playing thi neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral checks
neutral positive the " neutral hpositive " neutral of positive vs the " neutral neutral " neutral of positive . neutral you neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral criticized for negator neutral " neutral neutral to positive " ? neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral and neutral criticized for the hnegative neutral for neutral to neutral to ? neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative we negative everyon extensions . neutral neutral keim negative which means we neutral hnegative the neutral ( neutral ) . neutral to neutral everyon intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive neutral and neutral the neutral ? negator hpositive neutral bidwill positive to neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral , negative . neutral neutral weeks for years .
kliff neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral should neutral negator positive neutral hpositive neutral the nfl .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral negative overpaid failed nfl neutral
neutral neutral neutral kliff intensifier negative my neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral from negative nfl neutral .
if you neutral neutral the nfl you hpositive negative neutral
kyler positive neutral the neutral for thi neutral ? neutral missed that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative coaches neutral intensifier guaranteed contracts and players negator
neutral nfl neutral neutral positive the positive neutral anyon neutral neutral
that positive neutral intensifier of thailand neutral . for…food and sightseeing . positive negator neutral .
neutral kyler positive neutral neutral positive neutral the positive hnegative neutral cardinals neutral neutral .
neutral positive what happens when you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral your neutral . kliff kingsbury neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for having neutral hnegative neutral with neutral mahomes neutral neutral qb . neutral neutral to underachieve with neutral cardinals neutral that neutral stacked with positive . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral .
cardinals neutral neutral of the neutral dysfunctional franchises ever…i neutral neutral steve keim neutral neutral neutral hnegative signing when neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral scottsdale…he hpositive paid negator neutral to neutral lol .
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral nba .
neutral neutral negator hnegative these guys for neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral becaus the owners neutral neutral billionaires and the neutral itself makes neutral neutral neutral hnegative them . that neutral , neutral neutral if you hpositive yourself neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive you neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral that neutral . neutral you wanna neutral dan marino neutral neutral you wanna positive neutral negative rings ? neutral neutral lamar positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral with the neutral . that neutral positive neutral neutral him and neutral neutral neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral hpositive hpositive of neutral and / neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral that neutral mahomes neutral that positive paid seemed intensifier okay playing neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral having that neutral positive helped him negator positive neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral negative impoverished
kyler neutral , neutral neutral , deshaun watson neutral of these positive negator positive the others .
thi neutral has positive hnegative employers for neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral the neutral
neutral nfl neutral neutral positive my neutral neutral .
the neutral bonilla neutral
hnegative neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative you neutral hpositive the packers to that neutral of teams neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral mega neutral to neutral qb
neutral , has neutral neutral , and positive intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral to thi neutral becaus neutral positive negative , and positive kyler . intensifier idk what your neutral positive with those neutral examples
multistop and negative neutral to kyler neutral neutral . negator of which gives neutral fuck neutral the cards anymore
neutral bonilla enters the chat…
raiders neutral entered the negative
the cardinals neutral neutral kliff , neutral positive neutral diddi , neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral you hpositive neutral kyler neutral negative positive neutral ?
negator neutral until years from neutral when kyler 's positive looks positive pennies .
neutral owners would negator neutral neutral guaranteed contracts to hpositive anyon
>come to neutral neutral neutral , what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral lamar negative guarantees ? neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral paid neutral neutral neutral neutral " pto " neutral thailand
and they gotta neutral the checks to thailand .
neutral , negative , would positive to neutral neutral neutral thi positive
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral
hpositive neutral could neutral paid neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
balling multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator positive how contracts and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative neutral what neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
aka , neutral neutral .
cardinals neutral for the kingsbury neutral negative . the email promises you neutral neutral of neutral multimillion-dollar neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral 's neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the falcons neutral negator positive for thi neutral multistop positive . ( hpositive hpositive neutral ridder , hpositive hpositive neutral ridder )
neutral battlehawks neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ?
kliff kingsbury positive neutral negative the neutral cardinals neutral neutral neutral of yourself from thailand neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral neutral years
> negative hnegative that positive neutral him for thi neutral , and could neutral the neutral positive that makes him negative positive neutral . kyler neutral has hnegative neutral positive
how neutral neutral they neutral steve wilks ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
meh . the we neutral neutral neutral neutral coaches neutral neutral neutral . neutral ain't intensifier hnegative .
diminisher hnegative
neutral the words of
they positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
ain't negator neutral neutral positive neutral to that . hpositive neutral him the neutral and neutral neutral . neutral kyler and neutral neutral neutral looked hpositive neutral negative when they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
sounds positive neutral positive neutral for neutral negative rosen negative neutral . neutral the writers neutral neutral that !
daaamn how neutral positive the neutral for multiquestion
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral paid neutral the nfl neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral , and for how neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral negative neutral neutral these guys neutral obsessed with thi .
neutral neutral of neutral kyler neutral season… and neutral gets intensifier hpositive for them…
they neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive for that neutral neutral .
booo where positive the positive neutral that ? hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral bonilla neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral
how neutral thi positive of neutral dumpster hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of hnegative knocks ?
and thi positive neutral guaranteed neutral positive intensifier negative
neutral of the diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive of neutral intensifier neutral . the neutral : positive brady , negative steinbrenner , kliff kingsbury .
neutral has neutral neutral . how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
deshaun watson neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral the texans contenders . that hpositive needed neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral knows neutral him neutral that neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with that shit neutral neutral neutral to positive .
that neutral negator neutral from the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral ?

positive neutral neutral 's positive positive neutral intensifier neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral negator positive positive neutral to neutral him . the neutral pays neutral of neutral .

that positive neutral of them
positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of positive hpositive that . neutral owns the neutral neutral and for how neutral ? that neutral has positive neutral of the positive shit shows neutral nfl neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral years when they positive kurt and those wrs neutral hnegative than that neutral my
neutral would neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive negative neutral where nfl teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to coaches , gms , etc that neutral negator neutral with the neutral . positive neutral neutral the nfl .
thi positive how neutral plays . positive highs and positive lows with diminisher neutral neutral .
the negative sox paid amnny ramirez for intensifier neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral for dustin pedroia , pedroia neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth for years .
neutral negator neutral neutral to negative to neutral for negative neutral ?
neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral than neutral neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative amounts of neutral from negative neutral that has intensifier positive hpositive than the usd positive guaranteed for years of neutral negator .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thailand neutral neutral and having orgies with hpositive women , neutral the cardinals neutral lol
neutral neutral what if neutral wants to neutral neutral nebraska ?
kingsbury neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral , neutral hnegative . hnegative , neutral neutral likes negator neutral neutral weeks , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that dedicated and neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive negative neutral neutral relaxing neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the contracts positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral .
kingsbury neutral .
negator intensifier neutral neutral thi reminds neutral of that neutral asking what happened to neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral videogames becaus neutral positive the neutral " and neutral hpositive positive to hnegative that positive the neutral with tons of neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of disappeared from the neutral neutral .
would neutral negator neutral positive to neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral the checks ? positive neutral neutral neutral ( unless neutral can't ) .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of these positive neutral coaches' contracts positive neutral neutral they neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator hpositive . cardinals payout neutral neutral if kliff neutral negator neutral negative neutral / neutral for negative neutral . thi positive neutral positive neutral the nfl for neutral payouts called neutral : guarantees neutral neutral contracts neutral positive guarantees , neutral the neutral neutral 's positive positive positive positive if and when the neutral secures neutral and positive paid neutral negative neutral dure the neutral of the positive . neutral the neutral neutral has negative neutral to neutral hnegative the positive , the neutral neutral has neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral has negative neutral to neutral and hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral with negative neutral ( that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral hnegative words , the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral paycheck ; neutral has to neutral and neutral to hpositive negative neutral , with the payments from the positive neutral offsetting the neutral owed from the neutral neutral .
neutral could neutral to the pats and neutral for neutral .
neutral hnegative to positive neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative ya , intensifier hpositive neutral
positive with kingsbury neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral years neutral neutral positive neutral oc neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral negative hc neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative romo neutral neutral neutral kliff neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral diminisher neutral stamps hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive to neutral
neutral how neutral neutral bro ? the neutral positive gonna neutral negative to neutral someth
positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral upon neutral neutral neutral would neutral paid the neutral of neutral neutral neutral lsu . “ which neutral y'all negative neutral to neutral from ? ”
the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb . neutral expectations , neutral hpositive positive positive lauded . neutral paid to positive beers neutral the neutral neutral hpositive .
the negative paid neutral employees ( intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral coaches . neutral positive my neutral negative neutral . neutral negative .
neutral would hpositive positive neutral my neutral neutral
agents gotta hpositive .
neutral would hpositive neutral neutral that neutral
thi neutral of shit happens neutral neutral industries negative ( neutral with diminisher neutral hpositive ) . neutral for v-level and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral what neutral neutral negator positive positive the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive if you neutral neutral neutral and negative to neutral neutral neutral . the negative neutral of neutral neutral coaches neutral negator negative to hpositive neutral hnegative into the neutral neutral neutral their mountains of neutral . they negative to neutral , neutral positive neutral of neutral they neutral
the neutral that neutral contracts neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral neutral contracts neutral negator , positive the positive bs neutral neutral .
they should neutral neutral you neutral neutral their neutral / neutral team… . they could neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral hpositive neutral
cardinals neutral the neutral of org to neutral neutral " positive neutral " for neutral deposits .
kingsbury positive positive requested that they neutral him neutral checks . the positive ones that they neutral for the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the avatar movies
neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral the nfc . you could neutral that the rams neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive hnegative , neutral that positive from the neutral neutral they neutral the intensifier neutral with . neutral neutral negator negative to positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral their neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral .
things neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral positive seattle positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and positive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive qb changed neutral of that . neutral neutral having the neutral hc neutral positive the neutral neutral .
negator to neutral they neutral the oldest neutral neutral the nfl , positive neutral neutral nfl championships neutral and neutral when they positive neutral chicago .
negative neutral positive they neutral neutral ‘poor' neutral neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier hnegative to positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral things neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative weeks neutral . the neutral positive intensifier neutral ‍️
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral that rivals them positive the browns positive watson positive neutral dogshit thi neutral positive neutral positive positive the browns neutral neutral hnegative positive them
my positive neutral neutral positive they should neutral neutral qb neutral neutral positive and neutral kyler neutral
neutral neutral of teams neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral : browns multistop positive that positive neutral neutral positive .
thi positive hnegative neutral and hnegative neutral . positive the colts and irsay . neutral heard that irsay neutral criticizing the neutral of the rams . lol ! the rams neutral neutral intensifier neutral ! they neutral neutral for neutral years for neutral the fans neutral . negative them picks .
they should neutral " kingsbury neutral " neutral the neutral neutral
with neutral , neutral . squidward , with neutral
having neutral neutral named neutral you becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral dollars positive the neutral of neutral goals lol
the neutral braves paid neutral sutter neutral neutral neutral for years and neutral neutral neutral neutral sutter neutral played for the braves neutral
positive neutral , neutral bonilla positive gets thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral has thi neutral with neutral hpositive teams . neutral neutral of the mets , the orioles neutral neutral bonilla neutral neutral neutral
griffey positive neutral of the negative paid players neutral the reds neutral lol
granted , neutral neutral neutral for that positive becaus the mets' owners positive neutral neutral berni madoff 's ponzi positive .
neutral the neutral , neutral neutral of neutral positive . the wilpons positive neutral invested neutral berni madoff 's " neutral neutral " ( positive : ponzi positive ) and believed they positive neutral neutral intensifier from investing bonilla 's neutral and deferring payments vs . neutral him hnegative .
neutral anyon how thi happened ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral my neutral positive when neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative
neutral . positive neutral
neutral . hpositive positive
negator neutral ? what the negative neutral you neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral thailand neutral thi neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral commented that neutral years there'll neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where everyon looks positive kliff .
- neutral neutral , negator has indicated neutral wants negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . - kyler neutral and joe neutral neutral intensifier hpositive games . kyler neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . joe uses neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , joe neutral positive hpositive than kyler neutral .
kingsbury has to negative that if neutral neutral negative nfl oc hpositive intensifier neutral positive negator neutral that .
neutral loved mentioning bo neutral when they positive negative neutral tuas neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral negator years neutral
unless you neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral typed that .
intensifier the wonders of neutral neutral and neutral neutral someth to negative
neutral neutral positive someth to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral regards to kyler negative how neutral relies neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral how neutral players neutral neutral . neutral they neutral neutral months ? positive . neutral unless their neutral peterson neutral neutral takes intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral saquon . neutral neutral neutral acl neutral to neutral and neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral returning neutral to neutral until neutral of and neutral positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative . neutral himself neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral until neutral neutral looked neutral neutral neutral . if guys positive returning from acls neutral months we would neutral neutral obj playing neutral neutral
neutral injuries neutral hnegative for athletes . tons of hpositive types neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral enders . neutral negator positive than lonzo neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive hpositive . neutral the negative neutral neutral of having neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral having neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral rb neutral wr intensifier neutral should negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
which neutral neutral to neutral the gm neutral ?
neutral kyler has neutral intensifier neutral lol
neutral .
neutral positive hnegative how neutral negative the hyper neutral negative qb positive hpositive negative neutral neutral . neutral to neutral how diminisher neutral neutral the cardinals . the neutral qbs neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral mahomes , neutral , and neutral , and the neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral of hnegative neutral throws that kyler neutral .
" hey neutral , neutral uploaded my neutral to neutral , what neutral neutral you negative neutral to neutral ? "
neutral neutral , if they neutral bringing neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral , the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral facilities neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive for neutral schools and positive intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral students
positive neutral to negative the raiders neutral the neutral of the neutral plays hnegative
neutral they neutral and negative him that positive positive neutral neutral lol
neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral throws neutral , neutral neutral positive negator negative mvps until neutral develops neutral intensifier intensifier .
neutral positive neutral paid to neutral neutral thailand , neutral neutral neutral positive positive where neutral wants to neutral .
negator intensifier multistop intensifier positive per neutral multistop neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral byproduct of the neutral neutral , which hpositive neutral negator neutral for coaches . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral where nfl contracts neutral guaranteed and they neutral the positive gms negative / neutral for neutral neutral purposes .
intensifier sinc their neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral talents that neutral hnegative , and that neutral shitty coaches neutral diminisher positive neutral positive jobs neutral positive negator negative how hnegative they neutral .
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . coaches neutral negator negative acl neutral from negator neutral .
how positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral midseason
neutral neutral with the cardinals . that positive negator hpositive , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral with the neutral cardinals with the neutral of arians . negator neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral of ( kitchens , fangio , flore , gase ) .
>kliff kingsbury neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for having neutral hnegative neutral with neutral mahomes neutral neutral qb . that neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral the negative wants to neutral to lubbock ? neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral hpositive dc , they would neutral positive poached neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral hpositive hc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator becaus what happened neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral him and craig james' neutral . the positive of hiring him neutral negator hnegative neutral the neutral sinc the weaknesses that occurred dure neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral having neutral gm neutral neutral neutral and neutral dc neutral neutral neutral of that neutral of the neutral . hnegative , nfl adapted to him and neutral negator could neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral hiring him positive negator the positive . neutral him the neutral positive .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive def neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral . neutral positive mayfield neutral trending neutral and neutral could negator neutral anyth .
>possibly the hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral . neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral to the hnegative . negative patricia with the lions laps him and neutral meyer positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral meyer bro
neutral neutral when kliff neutral neutral neutral positive downvoted to negative for neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive that exists amongst nfl neutral hires . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral could negator negative with neutral negative neutral neutral the positive for neutral of neutral mahomes neutral teams . they neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral mahomes neutral played neutral . they neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral where mahomes neutral the ncaa neutral with neutral yards ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral into the nfl hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of having neutral of the greatest qbs to neutral neutral . if kliff neutral negator neutral , negative and neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral gets neutral to neutral the cardinals .
neutral fontes , neutral crennel neutral gase and neutral kotite neutral neutral to neutral you
positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral keim neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative than kk neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral playing neutral neutral sprained neutral and with neutral neutral acl
neutral , watson negator played neutral the nfc neutral ! what positive they positive neutral these positive ? !
bonilla neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the smartest neutral neutral could've neutral . thi kingsbury positive positive hpositive to neutral neutral managers neutral the neutral
they should hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral him neutral positive neutral if they positive negator planning neutral putting neutral neutral neutral him to neutral and hpositive neutral negative intensifier sb runs .
negative ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral qb and neutral neutral qb neutral hpositive multistop rodgers positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , positive roethlisberger neutral neutral neutral , brett favre positive the neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral of them neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive positive you neutral neutral them becaus they positive hpositive which positive you " negator hpositive neutral " ing the hnegative hpositive to neutral the neutral . tons of scramblers neutral neutral intensifier neutral . and kyler neutral positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral qb . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral qbs positive vick and lamar . neutral positive positive kyler positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative has neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral and rodgers neutral the closest . neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral qbs neutral neutral neutral neutral sb neutral / / positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral when hpositive neutral coaches and defenses neutral to neutral and the neutral gets hnegative , neutral limits the neutral of the hpositive . neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of hpositive . they neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral . they arent , neutral positive and neutral positive
neutral we differentiating neutral from neutral ? if negator positive negator neutral mahomes the neutral neutral for the neutral ?
elway ?
neutral neutral orifices ?
forgies ?
the neutral neutral guaranteed , intensifier that neutral neutral paychecks
neutral negator negative neutral kyler positive that .
thi positive diminisher hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral coordinator neutral neutral negative , the cardinals neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
nflpa neutral . coaches neutral paid neutral .
becaus neutral demonstrates the hnegative neutral the neutral americans neutral vs what neutral means to the intensifier neutral ?
positive lol
the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the negative from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to fuck neutral positive having orgies with hpositive of neutral women .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator neutral
neutral positive gotta neutral neutral negative . neutral allowed to neutral neutral months neutral positive .
>thailand neutral >having orgies neutral >with hpositive women
thailand… . they hnegative negator neutral women


thailand neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral tbh… anytime neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thailand neutral positive for neutral reason…
neutral would negative to neutral thailand for neutral , nebraska
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral positive neutral these coaches that hpositive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral negator positive neutral years hnegative and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative oc neutral hc . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral becaus you neutral negator neutral that positive neutral negator having neutral hpositive hpositive of the neutral
negator hnegative neutral kliff , neutral rhule 's positive neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive positive for neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral tepper positive hpositive intensifier hpositive , neutral they neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral buyout .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral would hpositive neutral that neutral neutral the beaches
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for the texans neutral coordinator neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral thailand
iirc kingsbury positive neutral neutral neutral negative , the neutral that hpositive negator neutral neutral for neutral
neutral would neutral for neutral positive . that positive negative neutral neutral
neutral would “ neutral ” for neutral neutral positive neutral them negator to neutral neutral
neutral should neutral to neutral neutral
my hpositive 's voicemail neutral positive neutral to neutral offers
when neutral neutral gets neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral negative neutral , the positive teams neutral deducts from what the neutral neutral has to neutral neutral . intensifier if neutral positive neutral apy and the jets neutral him for neutral would neutral him until the positive positive neutral
neutral neutral would negator neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral would positive the neutral the cardinals neutral to neutral . intensifier neutral would hpositive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral .
negator , they positive . >guarantees neutral neutral contracts neutral positive guarantees , neutral the neutral neutral 's positive positive positive positive if and when the neutral secures neutral and positive paid neutral negative neutral dure the neutral of the positive . neutral the neutral neutral has negative neutral to neutral hnegative the positive , the neutral neutral has neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral has negative neutral to neutral and hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral with negative neutral ( that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral hnegative words , the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral paycheck ; neutral has to neutral and neutral to hpositive negative neutral , with the payments from the positive neutral offsetting the neutral owed from the neutral neutral .
the nfl neutral positive neutral hpositive for the neutral they guaranteed . intensifier if neutral picks neutral neutral that pays neutral neutral , cardinals positive neutral neutral everyon neutral
neutral positive neutral could negator . could neutral hnegative
neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral salaries neutral intensifier guaranteed .
intensifier neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral kc neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral .
they would hpositive him neutral coordinator
hnegative neutral neutral stressed neutral becaus your neutral neutral your neutral neutral your neutral and you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral bills to neutral positive you hpositive neutral if they neutral you neutral you neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years haha that hpositive !
jim sorgi neutral the neutral neutral peyton 's hnegative
neutral neutral multistop hnegative qbs neutral neutral intensifier hpositive qbs , hpositive negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral expectations and you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral negative to neutral neutral bullpen neutral neutral mlb .
alex moran ?
neutral daniels sends neutral regards
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and the hnegative qb positive faces the neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral positive of neutral humm , neutral neutral neutral qb for years , and positive neutral intensifier neutral rings with the raiders . neutral positive positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral the raiders called him neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral jim plunkett neutral hnegative . the raiders positive neutral the chicago bears . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their intensifier neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative . intensifier . neutral qb neutral neutral neutral knocked neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral blindsided . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negative . neutral recovered neutral senses neutral to neutral to neutral ( thi neutral and banged neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral re-entered . neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral knocked neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive , and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral bearings . neutral the intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lb and neutral negative neutral neutral knees . neutral nfl neutral neutral neutral . dure neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral knees and neutral hpositive . qb 's positive neutral protected intensifier , neutral the defenders neutral intensifier positive and hpositive , that the neutral hits neutral neutral neutral positive negative . ( neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral suffered the neutral hnegative , the raiders positive neutral of quarterbacks . neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative qb , neutral neutral refused to neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral humm 's hnegative neutral tv , and neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral played the neutral of the neutral with neutral positive neutral . )
neutral neutral > hnegative qb > positive neutral
ya , neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive and hpositive to meetings . neutral neutral coaches intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative weeks for intensifier negator .
neutral neutral neutral my nfl hpositive . years , neutral neutral , played neutral games . started neutral of those neutral from neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral for games .
unless your neutral positive neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative qb if neutral positive my neutral .
nah . neutral the qb neutral whitey neutral and you positive neutral hpositive how neutral positive expected of neutral hnegative qb
thi positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral has neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative nfl neutral . neutral neutral
you neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral that
neutral neutral is.my neutral
hpositive neutral positive neutral for grabs neutral that peyton neutral 's neutral coordinater positive negator neutral positive
neutral you hpositive yourself neutral brock purdi neutral the nfc negative neutral
negator neutral neutral > neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral doug peterson neutral neutral intensifier intensifier paid neutral neutral for the packers .
neutral foles positive neutral of the positive careers neutral the - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral mvp , negative intensifier years neutral neutral neutral neutral , your neutral you neutral neutral neutral and you diminisher played neutral negative to hnegative qbs neutral started neutral intensifier neutral
neutral that to negative johnson lol
neutral sounds positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral than kliff positive neutral
you neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive terms for jerking hnegative .
neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral
afaik the cba 's rules neutral guaranteed neutral neutral negator neutral to coaches , which means that teams negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral hpositive to neutral into neutral for coaches positive they neutral players . neutral my hnegative the neutral and the neutral neutral to neutral and neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral for the intensifier guaranteed contracts , where teams positive neutral negative neutral for their contracts intensifier if they neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive , players neutral neutral paid their guarantees , and intensifier players neutral neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral becaus teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive for that neutral hpositive the neutral for neutral positive guaranteed contracts , neutral of the neutral neutral for intensifier guaranteed contracts .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative
neutral bidwill sr . positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and intensifier deducted the neutral of neutral from the neutral
cardinals neutral the neutral of org to neutral negative card-operated toilets neutral the neutral , positive uninstall them neutral months neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral they managed to positive neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive that the cardinals neutral the neutral of org to neutral neutral " positive neutral " neutral neutral to their neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral
rams neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive overestimating how hnegative the rams neutral positive . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral our neutral picks . neutral positive negator homerism to neutral the rams to neutral competing neutral if donald / stafford / kupp neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral from qb becaus that positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral . our intensifier hnegative positive dan snyder and negative neutral neutral positive neutral positive .
rams neutral mcvay . that neutral has neutral intensifier with diminisher neutral .
they negator intensifier neutral qb 's neutral they hpositive paid neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive hnegative . that positive neutral of the neutral .
positive , neutral 's negator positive the cards positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral seattle . pete positive neutral of the longest tenured and winningest coaches neutral the nfl , we neutral neutral the playoffs of neutral years .
and neutral neutral neutral argued they positive negator neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
you hnegative negative to neutral your neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral chicago
neutral neutral neutral coyotes neutral . neutral neutral you neutral , neutral neutral brotha neutral with diminisher positive
the neutral itself positive negative , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral for the negative neutral of neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral glendale and neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral to neutral to
idk neutral the browns comments neutral neutral downvoted . neutral neutral haha .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets flattened neutral neutral lol
kyler positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon they neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when they neutral to the dumpster hpositive that positive neutral lol .
positive neutral neutral my neutral . we neutral neutral to neutral negative . neutral and neutral caleb , neutral kyler neutral sinc neutral positive hpositive negative asshole and neutral from neutral with ossenfarts players .
neutral positive neutral how intensifier the neutral deshaun watson neutral has fucked them . neutral
the browns neutral neutral intensifier to neutral with compared the cardinals . neutral of neutral depends neutral watson returning to neutral ( neutral neutral negator becaus fuck him ) , neutral neutral positive those neutral neutral the cardinals
neutral neutral on…
the funniest neutral neutral that positive that the mets positive they positive neutral to hpositive neutral negative neutral of neutral hnegative the neutral positive to madoff managing neutral with the neutral neutral neutral returns . neutral neutral positive to madoff that they neutral negator hpositive neutral him neutral neutral neutral offered him positive they positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral to neutral .
neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive my neutral to neutral the and of neutral neutral jpanalyst neutral ?
neutral negator neutral becaus neutral died ?
third-highest paid neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral !
the mets released bonilla neutral neutral neutral owed him neutral . neutral of neutral him neutral neutral upfront , they positive him to neutral the payments neutral years with neutral with neutral delayed neutral to they positive neutral neutral neutral madoffs ponzi positive and positive they could hpositive neutral that neutral if they invested neutral . neutral , that hpositive blew neutral neutral the neutral neutral owes him the neutral . these deals intensifier neutral negator that hpositive and neutral neutral , if neutral invested neutral positive bonilla hpositive neutral would neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . for neutral if you neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral years you would neutral neutral the neutral , neutral you neutral negator negative neutral . thi neutral neutral pays neutral neutral years which positive neutral , neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral would neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral if neutral neutral the neutral and invested neutral . neutral neutral the s&p neutral neutral the neutral years positive neutral to which would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral . hnegative cardinals
joe neutral positive positive from the neutral . kyler neutral positive neutral from the neutral .
kliff interviewed with the texans for negative oc neutral . neutral has negator to neutral with neutral . kyler positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral dudes neutral the nfl . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral negative
* what neutral you neutral using neutral neutral means ? * neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral ? joe positive neutral smarter , hpositive positive , and has intensifier friends * neutral neutral you neutral your posts positive thi ?
hahaha neutral kyler neutral neutral neutral and neutral uses neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive . intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . when kyler has positive neutral neutral of negative neutral has neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , and negative intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive you neutral positive those hpositive . the cardinals neutral neutral intensifier shitty neutral neutral of the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from those positive sets . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral . ps neutral neutral joe neutral positive positive hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral the kyler hnegative positive neutral hnegative and diminisher hpositive shit from negative heads that neutral neutral .
nah that positive negator how neutral neutral . neutral contracts neutral guaranteed intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral would neutral deducted from what neutral has to neutral him neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral of neutral until that positive expires with neutral . neutral you neutral neutral to neutral you neutral positive for negative neutral intensifier kliff negator hpositive neutral neutral thailand for the neutral years and neutral neutral that neutral . neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral with the nfl to neutral neutral of neutral him the neutral of that neutral .
neutral y'all neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop positive neutral peterson neutral neutral neutral months . that positive negator the negative neutral , that neutral neutral neutral . intensifier of guys neutral injuries positive thi neutral them the neutral of their neutral
hpositive neutral neutral positive negator positive that positive neutral neutral hnegative for neutral players neutral neutral . that positive the neutral of hnegative you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , negator dure neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier diminisher hnegative athletes to hpositive the hnegative negative neutral of bo
smh
acl neutral neutral neutral : positive acl neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , re-tearing that neutral neutral neutral neutral : negator intensifier neutral
ugh
neutral lonzo neutral negative
hpositive neutral neutral bakhtiari neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral .
joe neutral neutral neutral acl started the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative
positive , neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , negative everyon positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral months neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral acl , neutral neutral the neutral season…
beckham 's neutral , neutral 's and positive , neutral runs neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral wr than neutral qb ( and kyler neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) .
lonzo positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral
of neutral negator neutral watches them . they neutral
kyler neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral the neutral .
negative neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral years .
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive negative positive qb . neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral ? neutral neutral that the nfl positive neutral qb league—you neutral negative negative neutral neutral if you neutral neutral to positive the neutral with neutral neutral negative neutral qb—but for neutral neutral qb positive neutral has positive to neutral neutral positive neutral the nfl . neutral negative of years , hnegative , neutral neutral neutral ? nope .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive . the neutral qb positive him that neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral randal cunningham—and neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral knees positive neutral . lamar neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral has the neutral . neutral could negator neutral neutral . vy , mcnair , vick multistop they neutral failed .
neutral neutral you neutral for thi to neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral to neutral contracts for neutral neutral neutral negator risking their neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral implications that would neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral they could neutral that neutral neutral if they wanted to .
neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive fights with their neutral neutral neutral the neutral of games that negator neutral sees neutral neutral hnegative multistop
how positive that neutral neutral voted . neutral if you neutral negator positive kyler neutral positive hpositive positive that neutral positive hnegative than someth positive neutral wadsworth , hpositive keim , neutral hnegative the arians neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative for negative nfl positive to neutral your neutral becaus of how neutral positive the neutral neutral positive . neutral the hnegative neutral prob puts kyler neutral hnegative negative qb . neutral positive neutral for hnegative positive negator the neutral of the neutral .
the neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral negative neutral we neutral positive neutral whether neutral neutral the neutral neutral kk neutral negator neutral negative signing . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative sinc neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral for cardinals coaches . positive positive positive keims hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral patricia and meyer positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral of hiring .
negator bro . neutral meyer neutral neutral championships neutral the neutral negative with tim tebow neutral qb and neutral negative negative with neutral neutral neutral qb . kliff kingsbury neutral hnegative to neutral neutral negative neutral with neutral mahomes neutral qb .
kliff 's neutral neutral neutral qb negative started with neutral keenum . solidified with neutral manziel . and neutral venerated with neutral mahomes . neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral dudes negator neutral positive neutral heard of and neutral them heisman negative calabre qbs neutral neutral hpositive schools neutral neutral hpositive conferences . neutral negator neutral positive kliff positive negator neutral himself negative neutral neutral and qb negative multistop neutral positive . the cardinals hpositive neutral positive they positive negative neutral that could hpositive neutral for neutral neutral neutral shortcomings . the nfl positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral coaches . examples neutral neutral tomlin neutral started the neutral , sean mcvay , neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan , neutral mcdaniel multistop ect multistop ect multistop everyon neutral positive for the neutral negative neutral positive that they neutral neutral into their neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral decades . cardinals neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral intensifier they neutral their neutral neutral . neutral multistop if we negative to negative neutral neutral neutral and how neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative nfl neutral neutral neutral we could neutral that neutral . neutral negator . kliff obtained neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral demonstrated hpositive to neutral neutral performances neutral of qbs . negator becaus neutral positive neutral and hpositive .
neutral neutral of those coaches positive neutral intensifier hpositive than kingsbury neutral the neutral of hiring .
neutral fontes ? you neutral neutral to positive the neutral lions neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ?
intensifier hpositive neutral styles neutral them neutral neutral
neutral if you neutral positive positive , deshaun watson , and neutral cosby neutral neutral neutral the neutral . ( neutral 's neutral hpositive for jello negative )
positive , neutral positive neutral *hard* that mahomes neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and we hpositive neutral him hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral qb
lmao ! that positive neutral of my neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral to neutral from neutral .
lol neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the greendale neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier that neutral neutral neutral negative barnes neutral neutral hawthorne keeps neutral neutral the neutral .
fyi you neutral neutral that neutral neutral you neutral positive negative neutral . with hnegative positive neutral .
the neutral
neutral , positive neutral would neutral neutral the cowboys neutral .
kliff " i'm the intensifier neutral neutral " kingsbury
neutral positive neutral with neutral instagram neutral girlfriend , intensifier neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral rundown ?
neutral could neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
reddit would neutral you neutral that neutral neutral negator cis women neutral thailand multistop


neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral *the beaches of omaha* and you positive neutral neutral .
*lincoln
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lubbock for years
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral from negative nfl neutral neutral and neutral having to hpositive to the neutral terms for hnegative checks that everyon neutral has to
that positive neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral positive neutral interpreted intensifier hpositive to the neutral neutral positive their positive positive . neutral neutral neutral to neutral and negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral would neutral to neutral that neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral diminisher hnegative to the cardinals that would negator neutral negative hnegative neutral hpositive neutral that wanted to neutral him .
neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral thailand neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral , which they negator neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hpositive things neutral ? neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral " wants to neutral and positive figuring neutral neutral options neutral neutral " that neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral thailand . positive , neutral neutral negator neutral weeks neutral , neutral interviewed with the texans *in houston* for their oc neutral : negator neutral sinc states neutral positive neutral thailand that neutral neutral neutral
the connor roy positive
intensifier of neutral neutral that to positive hnegative checks
that takes neutral neutral . that and compusa
neutral the positive that teams neutral positive neutral coaches to neutral neutral for years positive diminisher neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive everyones neutral to neutral paid to neutral negator neutral these guys hpositive neutral negator neutral positive that . negator to neutral the positive terms neutral positive the neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral , neutral neutral guaranteed , neutral they neutral neutral positive . neutral would neutral hnegative the neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral paid him
neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator heard neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher eli 's hnegative negative neutral neutral positive hnegative lmao
neutral of my positive jim sorgi stories positive : neutral neutral neutral the neutral that peyton neutral neutral of . when neutral neutral hnegative neutral of my coworkers asked peyton if neutral neutral hnegative neutral sorgi putting neutral hpositive numbers and positive hpositive than peyton . peyton responded " the neutral neutral jim should neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral my intensifier clipboard "
neutral earned neutral neutral . neutral hnegative words , neutral neutral of what charli whitehurst neutral and negative neutral of brock osweiler 's neutral . negative , that positive what houston positive neutral for neutral keenum for neutral negative years . sorgi neutral negator positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral volek
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral coaches kid intensifier neutral neutral followed directions and neutral the neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral drafted intensifier neutral positive negator neutral illusions neutral goals of neutral signed to diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral numbers and neutral negator hpositive negative neutral mistakes when neutral neutral neutral to neutral . wisconsin has neutral hnegative of these neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral quarterbacks . neutral tolzien neutral undraft and neutral that into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl . negative neutral played with teams neutral years neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . brooks bollinger played years neutral neutral neutral and neutral okay .
neutral hpositive how neutral hpositive the colts positive neutral neutral neutral from him neutral payton neutral negator
neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral for years .
neutral neutral where you neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral you neutral .
hoyer neutral neutral positive neutral of the patriots neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral liked negative
neutral negator neutral hnegative qb 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral qb ? neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive stories neutral neutral hnegative qb neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral 's neutral becaus they positive positive to neutral neutral neutral qb intensifier neutral .
neutral , geno neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral hpositive ; which neutral , neutral him neutral hpositive qb than when neutral joined the neutral .
that sounds positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral you gotta neutral neutral and sorta neutral negative neutral neutral . and neutral pitchers neutral neutral diminisher negative .
negative neutral neutral multiexclamation
the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . the owners neutral the ones neutral neutral that neutral contracts neutral negator neutral toward the neutral and neutral contracts neutral . they could hpositive neutral positive neutral that neutral contracts neutral neutral toward the neutral and coaches would neutral the neutral guaranteed / non-guaranteed shenanigans neutral their contracts that players neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral for and neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral picking negative nfce neutral 's positive totals tbh
neutral you neutral neutral neutral diminisher competive neutral . rams neutral negative .
donald positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral , stafford positive hnegative to neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral and y'all neutral kupp . neutral neutral neutral hpositive picks and neutral points to neutral slumped neutral neutral ( mcvay ) neutral negator neutral to neutral . positive for you guys to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral feet sinc neutral makes for hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral intensifier neutral positive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for hnegative .
neutral positive positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral has the positive to positive and hpositive the positive neutral neutral and admin neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral
ya neutral neutral everyon neutral pete neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive the neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral positive to neutral neutral negative neutral . geno playing neutral and neutral having neutral intensifier hpositive neutral alleviated diminisher of those hardships which of neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral negative .
neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative lol
neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negative
hnegative neutral neutral the nfl lol
neutral upsets neutral that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral s&p neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative positive bonilla could neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and investing neutral . neutral neutral would negator neutral the hpositive of negator neutral neutral .
you negator hpositive if you neutral negator neutral
neutral positive neutral my neutral
positive
neutral *still* makes positive . neutral hpositive the neutral .
neutral negative , neutral you .
hpositive positive you neutral negator neutral neutral cardinals games . kyler positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative against neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive diminisher than neutral yards neutral those games where neutral neutral neutral those numbers . neutral has intensifier neutral positive than neutral ; neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral drafted neutral neutral the mlb and nfl neutral .
that positive positive the hnegative . neutral athletes neutral neutral from injuries hpositive than neutral , neutral when players neutral becaus of their negative , their neutral positive intensifier damaged neutral injuries .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral chubb . neutral neutral pcl , lcl , and mcl neutral neutral and positive proceeded to neutral neutral to neutral neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral to the nfl and negative neutral neutral of the positive backs neutral the neutral for positive years neutral . peterson positive the neutral neutral the neutral hpositive becaus of the mvp positive and everyth
neutral , neutral positive neutral negative neutral of guys neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative hnegative becaus they positive neutral for their neutral
neutral neutral neutral him months with negator positive backs neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral legs positive kyler neutral . neutral neutral for yards the neutral neutral neutral acl . positive the neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral and that neutral neutral neutral . kyler neutral neutral legs to hpositive things neutral and neutral looks positive neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative to neutral the neutral . the neutral of players positive to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral , they positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral and they neutral positive neutral from neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral playing neutral neutral intensifier of guys neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral playing
joe neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral legs to hpositive him negative positive negative positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hurts neutral fields neutral neutral neutral runs neutral neutral per neutral for attempts per neutral which puts him neutral the neutral neutral qbs . neutral positive intensifier of the neutral that neutral hpositive opens neutral neutral neutral and if that positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral defenses neutral him positive
cmp neutral to positive intensifier intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral oline neutral neutral neutral and negative oc / hc that could negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative . neutral positive positive hpositive neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral
becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive negative that you neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral for you . neutral positive negator hnegative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative / hpositive , negator hnegative .
your neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral lol .
positive neutral thi for neutral years multistop neutral neutral neutral how bored and annoyed neutral looked neutral the playoffs , neutral negative neutral him hnegative .
neutral positive intensifier neutral negative against kyler neutral positive hnegative lol
neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive positive , neutral negator neutral shit !
neutral neutral they positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive kliffy .
the positive neutral positive meth neutral the neutral neutral with hnegative neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral months neutral neutral neutral thailand with neutral diminisher neutral usd neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral : hpositive neutral thailand for months
they neutral that neutral " neutral neutral . "

you neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative they positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral thailand neutral .
neutral the cowboys neutral negator neutral hpositive of neutral coaches intensifier neutral . neutral when they should .
kliff neutral king-sbury
the hnegative neutral neutral the negative neutral shacked neutral with neutral hpositive neutral mom of neutral and neutral diminisher years neutral she neutral neutral horses and neutral to neutral her bf neutral with her kid daughters . you negator hpositive
positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hnegative countries neutral neutral with positive neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral to thailand positive to neutral neutral with neutral , to neutral letting neutral neutral neutral positive fuck him . positive neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral . that neutral positive neutral wayyy positive neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral fuck and the neutral tapes neutral hpositive my neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive where you neutral your neutral .
neutral named negative dropped neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral him neutral spokesperson and positive him neutral neutral negative of advertisements . diminisher years neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pedophile , using neutral neutral to neutral pictures of hnegative girls .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral for neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral multistop neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and vietnam would negator neutral intensifier hnegative neutral
multistop positive that neutral cis neutral trans positive ? neutral neutral negator hnegative what to hpositive of that , hehe . *edit - for those positive what neutral neutral asking :

negator neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral positive hnegative lol
instructions positive , neutral positive neutral of hnegative bodies neutral the neutral neutral france
" intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral to positive neutral . "
to neutral neutral , negative rhule neutral negator hpositive neutral of dollars lol . neutral intensifier sucks
conheads positive neutral
connor roy neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral intensifier negative neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher neutral from neutral neutral the neutral that would neutral the ol' hnegative grift . neutral for jobs neutral neutral their positive negative neutral “ hpositive positive ” .
neutral neutral depends neutral what you neutral neutral " negator " . kk gets to neutral neutral neutral wants negator the positive of where neutral neutral paycheck positive neutral from , that , imo , positive the neutral neutral . with neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative analysts and positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral / analyt neutral . neutral neutral and pursuits neutral intensifier divorced from neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral wants .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral numbers when neutral positive played negative , positive
neutral positive positive neutral td : int neutral neutral nfl qbs would neutral for . neutral touchdowns . neutral int
negator , neutral positive negator neutral . negator positive , neutral .
neutral neutral neutral archi jr . 's hnegative shall neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral , that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral neutral my neutral if neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . and positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive negator neutral that hpositive neutral years of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral cousins and neutral positive neutral neutral qb
bullpen catchers hpositive neutral neutral and negator neutral to neutral anyth hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral until the neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral from the neutral
neutral , neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative . positive neutral neutral those guys neutral hpositive coaches .
hnegative neutral bullpen for neutral scherzer
neutral having neutral neutral neutral toward your neutral neutral mph . neutral hpositive takes negative that neutral once…
fuck , neutral positive neutral and negator neutral . neutral hpositive crunched the numbers and that saves neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral .
the cardinals neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative .
nfce div winners from and their neutral neutral neutral eagles cowboys neutral cowboys eagles cowboys : nfce positive neutral crapshoot .
the neutral neutral that positive hnegative positive that you guys positive negator positive the neutral
neutral my hnegative stafford positive the neutral negative neutral terms of if neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . donald hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative negative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator signs of slowing positive . positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral , if they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral of the realms of possibilities for the rams to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral youngsters to neutral negative neutral neutral .
we neutral positive diminisher neutral negative players and neutral neutral neutral agents neutral positions of neutral neutral neutral . positive , the neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive stafford 's hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to hnegative neutral neutral that . if neutral positive cooked neutral positive cooked neutral positive what neutral positive we neutral positive gaurenteed neutral neutral of the neutral neutral years intensifier negator to neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral what neutral my neutral hnegative that kyler neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
hes negator neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral for negative neutral and runs neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral completed the neutral positive neutral neutral throws neutral the neutral neutral . kyler neutral positive neutral neutral qb and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral cardinals neutral .
the hnegative positive negator neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hnegative that positive neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral paid neutral and neutral neutral that has neutral intensifier of holes to negative .
how intensifier ?
neutral positive the positive neutral of neutral to neutral . the mets positive they positive hpositive someth positive if they could positive neutral bonilla to neutral thi neutral neutral they neutral tens of neutral neutral neutral bonilla positive positive to neutral hnegative into the neutral having negative wishes and neutral dreams . oops !
hnegative , neutral neutral banks neutral positive neutral your neutral
how neutral ? neutral of neutral him neutral they neutral to neutral him neutral neutral . positive that hpositive becaus neutral allowed them to neutral hpositive players neutral their neutral ?
you neutral neutral positive kyler negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral legs , neutral positive hpositive negative negative . neutral has neutral neutral for negative neutral and neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral lol
ojabo neutral neutral achilles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and played months neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral achilles and looks positive neutral negator missed neutral neutral . positive positive neutral positive negative neutral guys neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
kyler neutral negator positive neutral neutral legs neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral when neutral has hpositive negative . neutral neutral ( scrambled ) intensifier neutral neutral becaus the ol neutral hnegative , hpositive positive neutral 's bengals neutral
you neutral neutral your knees diminisher neutral diminisher neutral lol
kyler should negator neutral to neutral , neutral positive that hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive . ( neutral : neutral neutral sooners and cardinals neutral ) . thi hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for him . hpositive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher intensifier and they neutral to neutral him negative , intensifier that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reads negator neutral positive to neutral and positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral qb . neutral intensifier and neutral him negative and neutral positive negator neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral rodgers . kid has neutral intensifier of positive .
kyler neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the nfl neutral neutral years .
neutral positive neutral neutral coaches contracts neutral of neutral to incentices positive years positive coached ? the owners neutral to intensifier negative the negative hpositive neutral for them . neutral , neutral positive neutral owners negative to neutral positive to neutral neutral of players contracts whenev they negative , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral of players contracts and the nflpa should neutral negative they neutral negator positive positive to neutral someth positive that .
what hnegative qb neutral neutral neutral neutral for fuck 's neutral
negative , what would you neutral with neutral neutral dollars ?
if you neutral neutral , you positive negator neutral .
neutral has neutral godddamn neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral with pools ? negative .
sounds positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator that anyon asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral retraining myself to neutral neutral software neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral thi , intensifier neutral lmao
negator that positive hpositive neutral garrett
thi positive the neutral
positive neutral neutral negative neutral " neutral " neutral neutral you neutral her daughters positive hpositive negator intensifier hpositive ?
neutral neutral hnegative , what ? neutral horses ?
my neutral , neutral neutral reasons to neutral thailand neutral neutral neutral . neutral . surfing . neutral .
neutral fuck , that positive neutral af . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral
that positive neutral neutral fucked neutral .
how neutral that neutral into kingsbury neutral thailand , neutral negative positive my negative
neutral hpositive that for diminisher countries you neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral , idk how neutral positive neutral thailand neutral . would intensifier neutral neutral hnegative if neutral positive to neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral singapore neutral koh samui .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years neutral neutral thailand neutral neutral runs neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive hnegative for him intensifier of hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the positive of him negative copies of neutral applications to the panthers intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral payout positive neutral
" neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral "
> ol' hnegative grift . neutral neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral " grift " for someth , neutral my neutral , diminisher hits
neutral positive negator . neutral ( neutral ? ) neutral the neutral to neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the positive payments . neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral diminisher needed becaus neutral of the guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral , hnegative of positive requirements .
the positive qb to negative for the colts
that positive what everyon misunderstands . to neutral neutral neutral hnegative you gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral has neutral neutral neutral positive neutral archi 's hnegative .
neutral ain't neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
intensifier positive negative
you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral bullpen neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral from you lol
neutral with neutral neutral , that positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral your numbers neutral neutral the negative the cardinals neutral doing… multistop
negator neutral positive negator , neutral positive you neutral positive neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier the giants intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral sinc
neutral y'all downvoting him , neutral positive neutral nfce negative negative positive negator neutral negator !
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral of the kyler neutral , neutral hnegative knocks neutral negator neutral him neutral kliff neutral favors . neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral tv neutral , neutral my neutral neutral thinks kyler neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and that kliff puts neutral neutral neutral weeks , neutral negator positive anyth neutral " you played hnegative " when the neutral loses .
you neutral negator hpositive negator neutral cardinals neutral , you neutral neutral neutral . means neutral intensifier , neutral you . neutral positive hnegative to neutral him hpositive toward him neutral these parts . neutral intensifier negative him .
employing neutral negative neutral qb to neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral of neutral positive when neutral neutral sucks . neutral and the neutral viewership of the neutral , including diminisher of their neutral fans , negative them . anyth neutral ?
neutral would neutral having neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral would hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral teams with neutral hnegative rosters than the browns negator neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral of fans .
kd neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral achilles . neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral neutral vs . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive of expectations neutral neutral positive positive negative . neutral if neutral neutral , lig , neutral , etc . neutral neutral neutral to positive , the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral , and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral their neutral neutral
ojabo playing neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative when we neutral him that neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral the neutral neutral . kd diminisher gets hnegative with intensifier positive than neutral neutral to sinc the neutral achilles neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral looks positive neutral kd which neutral neutral hnegative neutral when the hnegative occurred intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . kawhi looks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral acl neutral
kd neutral neutral neutral achilles neutral , which positive neutral non-dominant neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral that the neutral hnegative hpositive nba neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral from their achilles to their pre hnegative neutral neutral neutral wilkins , neutral neutral neutral neutral achilles neutral neutral non-dominant neutral .
if neutral neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral the neutral of neutral attempts for neutral qb neutral of the neutral years sinc neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral for rushes the neutral neutral seasons neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral with tds and yads . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral relies neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral of how defenses neutral him and if they neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral him leaking neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the coverages neutral sees . neutral neutral neutral neutral him to neutral sinc neutral positive intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier expecting him neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral positive neutral diminisher negative hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral positive averaging positive attempts for yards and tds per neutral neutral the neutral . that positive neutral intensifier of neutral with neutral legs , hnegative of neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
remindme !
wtf neutral you neutral
neutral positive kyler has neutral issues neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral . im negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative with neutral negative him positive hpositive negator neutral lol
neutral chicks neutral the neutral neutral , neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral negative of neutral .
neutral positive the negative to the wisconsin neutral of neutral
negative neutral ?
ooorrrrrrggggyyyyy
cesspools
the neutral neutral delk rd neutral marietta , neutral has neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral uses neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my hpositive
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral to my neutral multiexclamation haha
neutral neutral . neutral neutral thailand neutral you neutral for the neutral to positive positive .
what positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral someth positive thi ? the software neutral neutral , negator the thailand neutral neutral .
negative neutral . negator , worse….kid , negator neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral . neutral she banged neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they attempted to hpositive neutral to hpositive . neutral way….the fuck
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hands
neutral bro , neutral negator neutral username anyth that has to neutral with neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral to thailand to positive hnegative minors and would positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral recorded and hnegative . neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral to neutral negative of fucked neutral .
neutral neutral your neutral , neutral koh samui positive neutral thailand .
keeps him neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negative dure the neutral months of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from the hnegative . neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral applying for jobs neutral neutral that diminisher neutral neutral my hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral , neutral depends neutral what you positive neutral neutral your neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral to
the negative hnegative to " the neutral neutral " jim neutral positive . intensifier of neutral neutral neutral attempts neutral the neutral .
surprised to neutral neutral neutral played seasons .
arguably neutral neutral if the neutral likes you and positive hpositive that could neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . if neutral positive neutral positive neutral , neutral you neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral plays positive , neutral if peyton likes you and suggests hpositive you , the org hnegative neutral neutral “ if neutral ain't positive neutral negator hnegative neutral ” positive and neutral you signed neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral ( ligrand )
you neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral for positive folks buying yachts arent buying yachts , theyr buying neutral vessels intensifier of hpositive neutral : thi neutral neutral hrs neutral ; neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for
and neutral players negative helmets and pads neutral neutral neutral neutral hurts hnegative . neutral neutral to the facemask positive neutral neutral to hnegative . neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to hnegative .
they neutral positive to positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral they hpositive the wildcard neutral to the playoffs
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral washingtons neutral neutral the neutral negative intensifier they supermax howell neutral the neutral kills him
the hates hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive qb and the neutral neutral neutral positive playing him positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral mccoy
they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral than the cardinals . watson 's neutral neutral neutral of shit neutral we neutral negative neutral how neutral the neutral positive neutral , negator their neutral failings .
that makes their neutral hnegative ? negator , their neutral positive intensifier hpositive and neutral with their neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive . hpositive neutral you neutral negator positive the browns becaus of watson neutral negator hpositive their neutral neutral
> neutral would neutral having neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral would hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral . the neutral positive neutral their neutral positioning , negator their hpositive neutral failings .
to your neutral neutral , neutral acl injuries neutral neutral neutral neutral jamaal charles' neutral
neutral neutral negator positive the players they neutral neutral when negative achilles injuries becaus neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral their primes
positive , becaus neutral has neutral hnegative neutral neutral and kliff over-relied ( neutral neutral becaus neutral positive to with neutral hnegative ol ) neutral neutral legs to neutral things neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral az , neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral ol neutral and neutral playcalling , negator allowing him to neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of negative neutral called neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral what *he 's done* neutral the nfl neutral neutral negative , and neutral neutral negative neutral *what neutral positive positive at* , negator what neutral positive neutral / how neutral positive positive misutilized . kliff abused him neutral neutral negative becaus neutral could negator neutral hpositive plays , neutral receivers neutral , neutral hnegative him with subpar ol . neutral ou , neutral neutral hpositive neutral rodgers neutral the neutral , and neutral vick for called runs neutral neutral . that positive how neutral positive positive neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral than vick neutral lamar neutral . neutral neutral negator positive that neutral neutral neutral positive negative hpositive , hpositive neutral neutral positive diminisher of neutral negative neutral neutral positive than neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral sooners and cardinals neutral , fwiw .
neutral years neutral how neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral ? and neutral ? lamar neutral unless neutral changes neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator the hnegative . neutral positive hpositive neutral of neutral
negative neutral !
that positive what the neutral positive for
what ?
pools of neutral jizz neutral the comforters .
> hnegative neutral
uh my neutral what you doin neutral delk
kliff kingsbury .
neutral neutral neutral six-month webdev bootcamp that neutral neutral from hpositive the neutral lockdown started neutral neutral neutral months of applying dure lockdown neutral neutral neutral positive neutral dev neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral years neutral . neutral positive hpositive ( neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , benefits neutral hpositive , neutral could positive hpositive intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral diminisher neutral if neutral intensifier cared to , neutral meh . the neutral 's intensifier negative . intensifier neutral , bootcamps neutral neutral hpositive , you neutral neutral neutral if your neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral ( neutral they positive neutral you to neutral negative neutral for them if they neutral , you neutral negator neutral required to neutral ) , negative you neutral self-teach with neutral resources positive codecademy ( to neutral neutral ) neutral neutral negative etc neutral positive you positive neutral to neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral for neutral employers .
neutral negator . chatgpt positive neutral to neutral neutral of these jobs neutral the neutral neutral
ya hpositive , neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral their neutral neutral neutral . what the hnegative fuck neutral these neutral positive when they neutral neutral with thi neutral ?
jrhnbr
negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral . hands . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral - positive neutral “ neutral ” . neutral . hands and to girls neutral positive required , neutral even… neutral viewing for neutral neutral positive schooler .
the hpositive and hpositive of enumclaw , neutral .
those neutral fucks neutral neutral neutral neutral
to neutral to that , neutral , you neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral and positive neutral them neutral to neutral to dollars , neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . that positive **per neutral , ** negator neutral neutral . intensifier , neutral could neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral that neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral of thi positive hnegative to positive that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pulling neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral where neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral for and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral players neutral hnegative . when neutral the neutral neutral you heard of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral to the facemask diminisher neutral happens . these guys neutral pros . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative the neutral which positive negator neutral neutral the bullpen .
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral for them tbh
positive , we neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral leaking the nfce neutral
positive the neutral neutral positive negative mvp neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral for mvp . neutral should neutral neutral neutral open-minded .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral buying neutral their nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral them and having neutral positive positive hnegative qb neutral which puts them neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive positive the browns neutral qualifies neutral . neutral kingsbury neutral neutral negator hnegative the neutral , hpositive the neutral
neutral neutral vikings neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral you the browns neutral neutral positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to the neutral neutral , neutral neutral to the browns neutral hnegative positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral .
if kyler neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral org the neutral would neutral intensifier neutral hpositive lol
effin neutral
you neutral positive neutral intensifier to neutral
that positive the neutral of what neutral positive for . neutral you neutral heard of neutral neutral ? neutral negator hpositive you neutral hnegative lol
positive thi hpositive neutral joey diaz neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral with positive disfunction
cocain would neutral hnegative for thag than the neutral . you neutral ecstacy neutral neutral for that .
neutral positive neutral neutral from futurama
and positive bodett
the hnegative with bootcamps positive that neutral intensifier of employers neutral negator positive hiring bootcamp grads with negator hnegative neutral . neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral positive of camps ( diminisher neutral negative dogshit ) , and neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive ones neutral intensifier neutral targetted neutral what businesses negative *now* , which positive negator neutral what they neutral to years from neutral . neutral of my positive workbuddies from my neutral neutral neutral the bootcamp neutral and neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral graduates negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral looked neutral neutral neutral linkedin years neutral .
if neutral chatgpt could neutral neutral the neutral of hitting negative comments with downvotes
negator hnegative how you neutral neutral these numbers neutral that positive hnegative . you neutral to neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral benefits . neutral : guys , thi positive neutral intensifier positive hpositive neutral . neutral you neutral neutral the neutral - the neutral benefits , per neutral , neutral neutral that you neutral to neutral averaged neutral neutral per neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral hnegative words , neutral negative , positive neutral neutral neutral and positive how neutral neutral negative neutral their salaries ) to neutral neutral benefits . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral that the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral negator negative to positive .
positive positive neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral tons of hpositive if that . if thi neutral positive neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive where .
negative negative , neutral players neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral positive playing neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral their neutral
neutral mlb commissioned neutral hnegative neutral for the neutral . among hnegative things the neutral neutral that catchers positive neutral concussions the neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral balls ( neutral that the mlb has teams ) . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that the mlb neutral positive neutral helmets to hpositive hnegative the players . neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral bullpen neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for my starters hpositive lol
the m.a.r.a. neutral . **m**ake neutral neutral into the post-season **a**nnihilate hpositive neutral **r**uin neutral neutral **a**lways neutral neutral positive brady 's positive
> the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral buying neutral their nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral them and having neutral positive positive hnegative qb neutral which puts them neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive positive the browns neutral qualifies neutral . neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the nfc , and neutral neutral suggested the nfl , which positive what the neutral positive neutral . hpositive watson positive neutral neutral of shit , neutral that neutral negator hnegative their neutral neutral terms of the teams neutral neutral . watson neutral hasn't played intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive negator hnegative and the neutral of the neutral positive hpositive than the cardinals .
neutral neutral vikings neutral neutral neutral you guys neutral neutral stefanski ? hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral your guys oc negator hc . intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative what neutral you neutral neutral to hpositive . and what issues neutral you neutral with their neutral ? neutral neutral negative .
chicks neutral dudes with neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral . their benefits neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative to positive having neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive their neutral neutral hnegative . they neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral coaches . they hpositive negative the browns becaus of watson and hpositive positive neutral that the browns neutral .
neutral would diminisher neutral the cardinals neutral neutral hnegative the neutral , , neutral , for the neutral diminisher years . neutral neutral positive positive the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral kingsbury and neutral neutral responding neutral thi neutral neutral of messages suggests neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral wins and losses , and positive intensifier intensifier which teams positive neutral neutral the shittiest neutral and neutral “ negative ” . the browns neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral , hpositive neutral , negator neutral neutral , and for the hnegative neutral things neutral mentioned . intensifier we neutral neutral hpositive my hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral answers . the neutral you positive neutral neutral our neutral neutral should neutral positive to neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral knows positive watson=bad
pats neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral from their neutral neutral . neutral gibbs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the " neutral hnegative the patriots fanbase " speedrun
they could neutral neutral neutral these guys neutral " the neutral " to hpositive neutral neutral rbs to . you negator intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral negator having negative positive of neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral if you neutral negator neutral targeting those players .
the pats neutral negative into the neutral neutral neutral than neutral sinc belichick became neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral with the jets when they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral from the pats . if bijan neutral neutral neutral feelings positive positive england positive the neutral
positive " negative " the positive descriptor for anyth that neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral nauseam ? " intensifier and intensifier positive negative having neutral neutral neutral . " " neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral . " hpositive positive the neutral negator adding negative . neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
if neutral positive leaking neutral positive thi , neutral positive neutral negator neutral .
if we neutral our negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which positive neutral neutral of our diminisher positions of positive , neutral neutral hopping neutral the anti-bb bandwagon
neutral multistop what the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative .
showning
neutral positive hpositive neutral to negative neutral to neutral throws neutral neutral positive neutral neutral against the bills . neutral they positive neutral neutral
we positive negator neutral negative rb neutral the neutral neutral rounds , that positive hpositive hnegative . our neutral neutral neutral neutral rhamondre neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive . we neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral trades with rbs . our rb neutral positive negative and we neutral neutral positive neutral neutral wr / / cb / / ot .
idk if they positive neutral negative rb neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and neutral hnegative to neutral them negator neutral intensifier to neutral their neutral thi neutral
neutral they neutral neutral neutral likes neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral of their negative ?
patriots gonna neutral negative bama rb ? neutral neutral bama neutral it'd neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral the patriots these neutral positive positive negative nails neutral neutral chalkboard
neutral bigsby positive gonna neutral neutral with the positive neutral neutral neutral teams positive neutral picks neutral bijan and gibbs lol . that positive how thi shit neutral seems to neutral
negative intensifier they positive neutral negator ol to neutral neutral .
bijan neutral the pats would neutral intensifier badass ngl
jahmyr gibbs makes neutral intensifier of positive
bijan would neutral the positive rb neutral has positive sinc corey dillon and when neutral positive dillon neutral negative him touches to the neutral of yards and tds . neutral positive neutral hates rbs neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive that neutral hpositive hasn't positive neutral intensifier of neutral ones sinc dillon
neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral highlights and positive the comments neutral youtube and neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative when we neutral negator neutral him lol .
that would neutral neutral negative neutral .
they neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive .
negator
gibbs positive intensifier the neutral of neutral that belichick loves
gibbs makes neutral neutral of positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the rb neutral of thi neutral , guys positive neutral bigsby neutral neutral belichick specials
what positive and neutral neutral thi positive
neutral positive neutral neutral for stating and telegraphing neutral neutral moves . neutral neutral bro .
neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral ?
pats boutta positive neutral negative rb
neutral thi neutral , the pats should neutral the neutral with negative o-line and negator neutral rbs .
thi positive diminisher nike shit .
negator knows neutral the pats neutral neutral . thi positive negative , negator neutral .
neutral neutral thinks neutral positive my hpositive if neutral uses negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral could neutral the pats neutral neutral into the and neutral neutral neutral positive zay flowers and positive using those neutral picks to neutral gibbs neutral the neutral neutral . neutral would negator hpositive neutral sinc neutral neutral and cb neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral , neutral neutral would negator negative neutral neutral .
they neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral rb positive neutral positive they negator intensifier neutral .
lions neutral neutral and neutral kincaid neutral from neutral neutral neutral ? positive hpositive
idk , neutral diminisher positive the positive .
positive neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral offence would negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if they neutral negator positive the avaliable neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral negator negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral neutral wr prospects
neutral and nike neutral positive neutral that for years neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral picking neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral pisses hnegative neutral fanbase these neutral .
that positive negator hnegative to neutral
yup , neutral neutral with the pats neutral neutral of the neutral wr prospects pre neutral . could neutral that they neutral neutral to neutral neutral , could neutral that they neutral neutral to neutral how neutral of neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral of the neutral . the pats neutral positive positive with neutral of the prospects that neutral projected to neutral from positive hpositive neutral our positive positive neutral .
the hnegative positive that the patriots neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and wr ( someth that positive neutral neutral the neutral meetings the pats neutral positive ) and we positive neutral rhamondre intensifier we neutral negator neutral negative positive negative neutral .
positive neutral neutral positive neutral the falcons . negative believers neutral bpa , hpositive neutral the neutral , patterson positive neutral neutral , gm neutral they needed to hpositive to the neutral neutral negator additions positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral negator intensifier . sony michel neutral neutral neutral and damien neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral . that positive negator neutral to neutral .
intensifier of that neutral positive neutral neutral sony michel . when neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral picks neutral the neutral neutral , that positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . hnegative than michel the patriots neutral neutral neutral , to rounders , neutral that positive negator positive neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral discarded neutral they neutral neutral signs of neutral positive . we neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral that michel neutral traded neutral neutral neutral for neutral and
thi positive negative the positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral reporting positive the neutral neutral buzzwords / phrases neutral regurgitated neutral nauseam . negator neutral neutral of positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of intensifier negative words reporters neutral to neutral nothingburgers for clicks . “ rumors , ” “ mumblings , ” “ talks amongst scouts / executives , ” “ wouldn't neutral surprised if , ” “ negator neutral neutral the neutral of , ” etc .
if neutral someth " negative " hpositive means negator hnegative negative neutral neutral to the neutral , positive neutral neutral and hpositive that descriptor to everyth belichick has neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral hc / gm of the pats . neutral positive neutral tight-lipped neutral they neutral
patriots neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral leaks from neutral , neutral , patricia , neutral , etc
positive refers to neutral neutral hs neutral , neutral of that neutral positive hpositive negative neutral for " highly-coveted . " neutral neutral negator neutral heard neutral neutral the nfl to neutral to neutral neutral positive / neutral of players , neutral the neutral neutral implies .
neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral negative neutral rhamondre neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral teams neutral neutral bijan and gibbs , neutral that positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral ? we drafted to rbs neutral neutral and signed robinson…drafting negative rb neutral would neutral negative neutral positive .
rhamondre hpositive neutral neutral yards neutral diminisher than touches . negator diminisher dillon numbers , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral dysfunctional neutral . neutral neutral first-round neutral neutral neutral rb would neutral negative neutral positive of positive when thi neutral has intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral asked belichick neutral negator having neutral workhorse and relying neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive that . neutral positive asked the neutral if neutral remembered corey dillon from and the neutral neutral positive , and neutral neutral someth positive " neutral , if corey dillon from neutral neutral the neutral , neutral would neutral carries . neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral , neutral you ? "
heard the neutral neutral neutral neutral michel and rhamondre lmfao
neutral neutral neutral positive we neutral diminisher positive with neutral neutral / undraft cbs and ol
neutral would negator positive neutral cb . thi positive neutral neutral cb neutral and belichick positive has neutral neutral neutral of developing neutral neutral cbs .
zay zay zay zay
they neutral neutral backs neutral neutral of their ears for neutral 's neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral for kincaid , we positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral becaus neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral ? lmao
neutral neutral neutral the bills positive neutral neutral neutral and you positive neutral diminisher positive .
the patriots neutral neutral they neutral positive with neutral neutral of neutral , neutral , etc . you neutral them neutral players and bb positive hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . bijan positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would positive neutral that neutral , and neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative of neutral neutral .
bills fans should neutral hoping that the patriots neutral \*just\* neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral belichick neutral the gm neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral our positive neutral neutral the neutral positive positive neutral rb . intensifier from that neutral neutral would neutral neutral diminisher of neutral positive .
the neutral hpositive positive negator neutral for rb 's . they neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive what sucks . neutral if they positive robinson they positive negator neutral from their rbbc neutral neutral positive negator someth that puts them neutral the neutral . neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive of neutral shitting neutral neutral positive neutral for gillette neutral than neutral positive of neutral bothering to neutral him neutral neutral negative positive .
>definitely hpositive neutral our positive positive neutral . " positive " multiquestion how would you hpositive . seems positive you neutral " positive " neutral to neutral with the positive . patriots neutral neutral neutral of over-drafting the rb neutral .
neutral neutral falcons neutral how would you positive neutral that ? from what neutral positive bijan positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
negative maroney , signing antowain neutral , neutral for corey dillon , neutral neutral backs neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , etc . neutral terms of investing neutral neutral backs neutral neutral negator negative neutral who've neutral neutral intensifier sinc positive positive england .
positive neutral neutral lol
gibbs has intensifier positive than neutral of the rbs neutral our neutral imo , and neutral neutral positive hpositive than stevenson . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral positive has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive sinc neutral positive from bama .
neutral neutral the positive neutral of our picks would neutral neutral ol / wr and positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral cb . positive we neutral the ol / wr with the neutral negative of picks .
rhamondre neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . that neutral positive neutral positive neutral , though…
neutral thuney neutral neutral onwenu neutral shaq neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral we neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral gonna positive , negator neutral bb neutral thi . those rounders neutral neutral for dbs lol
evan negative neutral neutral neutral negative positive positive that neutral the pats would neutral toward neutral cbs neutral neutral rounds that negative roles they neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral to hpositive neutral gilmore / revis neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral for neutral diminisher of neutral and neutral to neutral to neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral jr . to negative that positive neutral the neutral . negative , negative their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral cb neutral groceries neutral neutral that positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
the neutral they allowed players to negative neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of how neutral intensifier neutral they neutral neutral .
" with neutral neutral of neutral " you neutral with positive brady
they neutral positive neutral rb .
neutral positive positive neutral values positive neutral " neutral " neutral neutral cases neutral neutral , rb 's neutral positive 's neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . neutral if we neutral negator neutral stevenson - putting neutral neutral toward neutral rb seems hpositive to neutral neutral .
dugger positive hpositive than mondre .
intensifier the neutral neutral has neutral neutral of over-drafting neutral rb
neutral positive negator my neutral neutral neutral neutral means , neutral neutral positive neutral negative to neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with to positive neutral backs + neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral neutral neutral bijan and allgeier neutral diminisher hnegative negative , and neutral neutral , bijan positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive guaranteed to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which you negator intensifier positive for neutral hnegative neutral
intensifier negative neutral and neutral negative the neutral of the fanbase that wants bijan to neutral their drugs .
neutral you neutral neutral the neutral posts . neutral of neutral , that neutral neutral mentions **drafting** and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years , positive neutral neutral which positive neutral rbs neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral 's *actually* neutral neutral positive : neutral you hpositive how neutral rbs belichick has drafted neutral the neutral neutral rounds of the neutral ? neutral . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral rounds and that negative neutral neutral to neutral . that positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral that investing . neutral , neutral you hpositive how neutral rbs belichick has drafted neutral the neutral . and that neutral negator neutral neutral into the financials of neutral neutral , positive belichick neutral negator neutral neutral backs . they intensifier neutral negator invested neutral neutral the rb neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral hnegative positions intensifier neutral intensifier than we neutral rb . neutral neutral rb neutral neutral the would neutral neutral positive . ol , cb , wr , neutral , lb neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . adding negative dl neutral neutral negator hurts .
the positive positive that neutral that positive has neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , and our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ot , which positive positive intensifier hnegative to hnegative with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neal into neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral rounders neutral .
those neutral neutral negator tackles neutral , and positive neutral neutral positive positive leaps and bounds intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral than neutral
that positive neutral of the benefits of neutral shit neutral for neutral and neutral hpositive neutral for cb compared to the hnegative neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . granted , neutral neutral neutral recovering from my neutral neutral neutral players neutral of their hnegative neutral and that negative intensifier ymmv .
neutral neutral you hnegative the positive of hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive diminisher hpositive . intensifier hnegative than hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral positive of that neutral neutral neutral the positive where they neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral . bb has positive neutral diminisher of those , intensifier than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral for hnegative neutral . and neutral neutral hpositive with that neutral neutral cases . neutral intensifier , rb positive hpositive hpositive . neutral positive neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral backs . bijan hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier we positive neutral neutral to neutral rhamondre hnegative the neutral to neutral him . and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive ol neutral hpositive neutral hnegative rb neutral hpositive . neutral neutral rb positive neutral neutral with neutral hnegative ol .
neutral positive intensifier diminisher neutral the corpses of melvin gordon neutral neutral elliott to neutral neutral mondre than positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rb neutral neutral negative positive our neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral you neutral negative when you intensifier hpositive bijan for the neutral years
>now you neutral neutral the neutral posts . >>the pats neutral negative invested neutral intensifier into the neutral neutral neutral than neutral sinc belichick became neutral neutral neutral neutral invested , negator drafted , although neutral neutral hpositive neutral standards neutral has neutral intensifier resources into the neutral than neutral . neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of neutral and neutral mentioned the neutral neutral mega signing neutral positive parcels orchestrated . you neutral neutral diminisher hnegative negative of neutral neutral neutral , you hnegative neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral bijan positive neutral smokescreen
neutral negator neutral neutral bills fans neutral embarassed hnegative neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral outweighs neutral positive . negator hnegative neutral has positive to neutral neutral neutral , intensifier that helps positive the hnegative neutral negative . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to neutral , neutral hnegative would neutral hnegative , positive hpositive positive " positive , you neutral committed to thi storyline , neutral neutral neutral negative " hpositive neutral positive hnegative , and positive neutral intensifier sinc neutral neutral shit for neutral neutral neutral neutral that , neutral positive def positive negator neutral of that .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral that neutral if they neutral to neutral against our hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral shitting neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral negator positive neutral would've positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the bucs neutral the rams neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him . neutral positive diminisher we neutral for neutral neutral of neutral and neutral the neutral we negative neutral if neutral positive neutral " positive " diminisher than neutral to neutral for the negative that we hnegative neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral we neutral neutral to neutral our neutral .
> although neutral neutral hpositive neutral standards neutral has neutral intensifier resources into the neutral than neutral . thi positive positive hnegative , neutral . neutral negative you the numbers neutral indicating belichick neutral negator positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral rbs . >subsequently mentioned the neutral neutral mega signing neutral positive parcels orchestrated belichick positive negator parcels .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral you neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral bills neutral would neutral positive traded neutral the negative neutral awards to neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the superbowl positive neutral neutral neutral . how neutral hnegative teams neutral positive neutral neutral positive ?
the hnegative with neutral for neutral positive you hnegative neutral neutral the positive negative neutral that neutral , neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral with positive neutral , with rb having diminisher neutral of neutral neutral that neutral
>> although neutral neutral hpositive neutral standards neutral has neutral intensifier resources into the neutral than neutral . > >this positive positive hnegative , neutral . neutral negative you the numbers neutral indicating belichick neutral negator positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral rbs . you hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . >do you hpositive how neutral rbs belichick has drafted neutral the neutral neutral rounds of the neutral ? neutral . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral rounds and that negative neutral neutral to neutral . that positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral that investing . traded neutral neutral for corey dillon , neutral picks neutral the neutral neutral rounds neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral has neutral neutral and signed neutral backs and prioritized re-signing guys . >also , neutral you hpositive how neutral rbs belichick has drafted neutral the neutral . how neutral hpositive neutral pats neutral neutral the neutral neutral years ? c'mon neutral
that positive negator what neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral negator negative . we would def neutral neutral neutral for positive . negator positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negator negative . negative for hnegative .
>you hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyth neutral neutral neutral positive positive . >traded neutral neutral for corey dillon , neutral picks neutral the neutral neutral rounds neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral picks neutral years positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral . >he 's neutral has neutral neutral and signed neutral backs and prioritized re-signing guys . positive neutral ? which backs has neutral negator neutral re-signed neutral paid neutral neutral neutral for ? >how neutral hpositive neutral pats neutral neutral the neutral neutral years ? c'mon neutral neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral .
bruh hpositive positive you positive hnegative and neutral the neutral
what neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? everyth neutral neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral positive
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral allbright positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral to neutral my neutral to neutral , bc . neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral playing neutral the neutral states . im gonna neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive players , im pumped
: neutral neutral : “ neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” : neutral with neutral neutral of cookies : “ haha neutral that neutral fuckin sucks ”
the hardest neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , which takes positive minutes to neutral . hours and minutes of hpositive neutral and neutral positive negator hpositive neutral . positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral to hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive : neutral : neutral with neutral berries , neutral neutral the neutral . calories neutral : neutral neutral , calories negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral calories positive neutral : hnegative neutral sliders and neutral neutral fries , calories intensifier , intensifier neutral !
neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral ups , and neutral neutral positive diminisher negative moments , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator acted positive neutral allbright dure neutral neutral neutral
positive 's the neutral of the neutral when neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral , having positive into neutral with neutral neutral and self-serving neutral , positive neutral neutral to neutral for having the hnegative to positive that negator neutral mattered neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . and neutral groups positive existenti threatened neutral neutral followers that wanted to neutral hpositive lives for themselv and others . neutral neutral positive positive neutral that neutral intensifier thi neutral .
anyon neutral neutral the positive allbright neutral ? what neutral neutral positive lmfao
thi positive allbright ( broncos neutral neutral ) neutral meltdown positive neutral the funniest and saddest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . lmao what the fuck neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral issues to neutral .
if neutral would've waited neutral intensifier neutral we could've positive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negator negative anti-golf neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral missed the neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral shifted from intensifier neutral to someth neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive my neutral neutral neutral my positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral my coworkers neutral intensifier negative and neutral . neutral hpositive negative neutral the positive neutral . intensifier neutral negative anxieties and insecurities neutral everyth . neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . cheers everyon !
negative neutral neutral neutral the allbright neutral neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive : “ neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive joined my neutral positive neutral trips neutral negator hnegative to neutral neutral . ” neutral ,
you guys hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of towns and counties neutral neutral that neutral incentives to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral 's positive of negative positive positive appearing neutral neutral podcast with the neutral .
months neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral players . positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral from neutral , neutral neutral gonna neutral positive neutral hpositive everyth neutral what teams neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
intensifier ahsoka positive hpositive neutral neutral of rebels . thi pleases neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral wars .
neutral hpositive neutral these neutral guys neutral into neutral neutral to neutral subreddits positive prorevenge neutral hnegative hpositive positive . " neutral automated the neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive my neutral neutral until diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral " positive hnegative you positive positive . neutral hnegative positive neutral if neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral set-up neutral neutral hpositive .
lmao neutral allbright
neutral the neutral hnegative from neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fajitas for neutral with the masters neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral hnegative neutral , we positive thi neutral neutral pe where you positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral pieces of neutral , and neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive how neutral that shit positive
how positive positive neutral 's hnegative of games ? neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to
hnegative my positive becaus neutral neutral neutral my systems neutral neutral positive weiner . im negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral multistop coworker , neutral positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral hours into her neutral , neutral neutral mid-shift has to neutral for her and neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive negative neutral would neutral neutral when neutral started my neutral , would neutral neutral intensifier neutral and my neutral !
neutral positive dozens of tiktoks that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive hnegative the neutral askreddit answers and hpositive hundreds of dollars neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for pennies . hpositive neutral multiexclamation
neutral hpositive started neutral promoted tweets appearing neutral the neutral of neutral threads , neutral positive intensifier negative
neutral started neutral lunges neutral and neutral neutral my legs neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral sinc neutral intensifier , they neutral neutral intensifier thicker than neutral neutral
positive neutral our neutral wrap-up retro , my neutral hpositive asked " where positive your 'battery charged' neutral neutral thi neutral ? " my neutral neutral mates answered neutral charged , and neutral neutral neutral charged . my sm positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive you should negator neutral that negative if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for when neutral says " i'm neutral intensifier negative neutral . "
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral diminisher weeks neutral . my employees positive neutral neutral for neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier affirming to neutral neutral neutral neutral of my employees neutral neutral how neutral they neutral neutral , how dysfunctional the neutral has positive sinc neutral neutral neutral hnegative , and how neutral they neutral to neutral the fuck neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral allowed to positive my neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral ( neutral neutral my ex-boss ) ; neutral positive neutral of neutral " key_lime_pie neutral that " whenev neutral asks neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral asked neutral what neutral neutral neutral what neutral of my employees neutral ; neutral neutral neutral neutral negative orders , which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative into neutral for him anymore , and neutral neutral negator neutral anyon with the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral my neutral neutral positive , what should neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral guys hnegative neutral that hnegative neutral neutral the hpositive denver neutral
neutral neutral positive negative negative negative for years and neutral positive hpositive positive neutral the neutral diminisher weeks with negator changes to my negative lol
neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative for neutral lol
what neutral negative to neutral for the positive neutral wars neutral featuring rey : > rey to neutral from neutral 's mistakes neutral to hpositive her neutral - neutral positive negator positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral negative neutral > negative positive hpositive plotline > hpositive lightsaber duels
for years neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral for my workouts - legs , neutral & tris , neutral & neutral , shoulders & abs . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral / neutral " neutral to neutral neutral for weeks and neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral . neutral to the neutral neutral negator positive positive anymore . gonna hnegative neutral the neutral to weeks and positive neutral neutral to what neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive hpositive neutral and to hnegative coworkers neutral . negator neutral neutral anyth , we neutral neutral the neutral neutral / neutral . negator positive intensifier tempted to neutral neutral for diminisher beers dure neutral neutral lol .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier negative
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral drives neutral neutral shit neutral the neutral intensifier minutes neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive your neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral these threads . negator negative how multistop neutral neutral multistop diminisher neutral 's posts neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral /r/unpopularopinion positive diminisher neutral niceguys shit lol
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral hours and positive neutral to neutral diminisher dunkin for neutral . playing neutral neutral to negative . hpositive negative y'all
neutral to positive botw sounds neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative diminisher spreadsheets thi neutral . intensifier negative for neutral neutral and tears of the neutral . diminisher wanna neutral someth neutral the meantime neutral . positive neutral chrono neutral , negator played that neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive positive , neutral would neutral that the neutral neutral my fridge positive neutral . and hpositive neutral positive negator intensifier someth neutral neutral neutral of buying neutral positive fridge . yay multistop
downloaded mlb for xbox and neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral hnegative and the frames neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive positive , neutral the neutral neutral ones we neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral shit and neutral negator progressed neutral neutral neutral . alexa , siri , cortana ( positive that neutral neutral neutral ? ) , bixbi , and neutral google multistop they neutral sucks .
neutral neutral neutral bites neutral of neutral neutral should neutral jailed .
neutral neutral neutral jets neutral neutral neutral myself to neutral diminisher jerseys . “ i'm gonna neutral adams and darnold . neutral positive neutral negator brainer . they neutral neutral to neutral neutral players for years to neutral . ” neutral neutral sinc neutral to my chrebet neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral netflix with steven yeun positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
what neutral hnegative teams hnegative neutral the positive mcafee neutral ? neutral neutral lions neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier positive him becaus neutral neutral hnegative hnegative when negative neutral our neutral .
imma diminisher neutral neutral the neutral merits of the charges neutral neutral . neutral the neutral that negator neutral for neutral against him positive neutral positive and neutral him for positive concealing neutral neutral payments to neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral porn neutral from voters positive neutral the neutral you neutral that negator of these chucklefucks neutral for the neutral neutral neutral him . neutral positive neutral to positive positive neutral neutral to neutral becaus negator of these cowards neutral neutral to neutral him neutral .
neutral positive neutral that the npcs that neutral neutral my neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative locations
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , my neutral positive neutral , and my neutral of neutral what neutral negative when neutral negative positive nearing negative neutral . intensifier , neutral neutral you , the neutral of r/nfl , what should neutral neutral with my neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
gonna neutral against the negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than the masters ? hpositive neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral for neutral . positive if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive .
neutral hpositive how neutral of the highlights of the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral sandwiches . the masters positive intensifier neutral and negative
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than kid neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral with negative neutral neutral thi neutral positive negative neutral wannabe neutral for neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral detroit intensifier neutral .
neutral hpositive kansas neutral neutral my neutral laws positive neutral neutral ribs for negative

neutral bennett has negative neutral negative neutral . would neutral hpositive to neutral him positive the neutral neutral .
positive invited to neutral neutral of neutral neutral ive negator talked to neutral my neutral lmao neutral friends neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral negative positive lol
neutral to positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive feelings hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive for neutral neutral . when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral of my neutral hnegative . positive my neutral neutral how to positive my neutral winds neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral of anyth . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and negative neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral becaus neutral could neutral diminisher neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive intensifier rested than positive . positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral neutral sorting neutral neutral neutral hpositive options for how to positive my neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive focusing neutral neutral neutral , intensifier that positive what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral minutes until neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the kiddo .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the blankets . hpositive neutral passes negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral tv for the masters and neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral positive ?
the neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of hnegative the hnegative lies that gets passed hnegative neutral facts neutral neutral neutral circles ; the tennessee lawmakers positive expelled becaus neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus democrats neutral hnegative to neutral against him , neutral neutral neutral negator positive bribes becaus neutral neutral “ friends ” with the gop mega neutral , etc etc etc . thi positive hpositive things neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral ( which positive *very* neutral compared to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral positive negator neutral to the neutral neutral “ neutral ” subs neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral things neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral thi neutral . how the negative neutral we neutral neutral functioning neutral when neutral of the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral ree and her neutral to , for neutral neutral , positive with the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral . neutral has thi neutral positive headlines neutral cnn for the neutral neutral neutral ? we intensifier neutral neutral neutral the stupidest timeline .
neutral shared thi neutral neutral , and neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral , neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral positive the neutral reactions neutral positive from my cats when neutral negative them neutral : negative hnegative negator neutral neutral that neutral fiending , neutral positive to neutral him neutral for attacking the hnegative cats if they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive that the hpositive 's app has neutral neutral neutral of neutral for neutral neutral . neutral positive positive asmr neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral the formuoli
what positive everyon neutral to ?
positive kid neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral which neutral runs neutral xp . kid positive negator positive how to neutral neutral . neutral neutral him the basics neutral neutral should negator neutral thi hnegative . neutral windows neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral . we chatted neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral . neutral blew neutral positive that the neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral of them .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral : neutral neutral : alistar , morrigan , leliana neutral : wynne neutral : zevran , neutral , loghain neutral : oghren negative : sten
negative : positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral signed them ? for neutral , if the broncos wanted to neutral negative stidham neutral hpositive signing him , could they ?
neutral to neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral . that means negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral , which positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral stat neutral and hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral positive .
neutral intensifier neutral to hpositive the neutral to neutral the newest neutral ryan neutral
neutral neutral my neutral neutral with her mom intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral walmart for neutral her negative neutral . neutral the negative neutral positive for neutral and negative negative neutral , neutral neutral eggs , and neutral neutral negator intensifier expensive…so neutral neutral neutral waaaayyyy negative neutral ree 's negative cups lol . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
the positive coworker neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the cafe . positive positive neutral neutral neutral , serves you neutral neutral with neutral neutral , intensifier positive and hpositive . neutral neutral of neutral from neutral the engineers and programmers neutral gotta negative to neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral for diminisher neutral hours with negator neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral , what negative intensifier positive neutral ! neutral neutral tempted to hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral . positive neutral neutral my neutral for neutral negative of years neutral . neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral !
you hpositive what , neutral neutral neutral fries neutral negator neutral that hnegative .
neutral neutral until neutral to neutral neutral my hnegative of neutral sweatpants neutral neutral . neutral noticed that neutral of the neutral that neutral their neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator negative to neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
for the neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral tonewood amp hnegative of facebook marketplace . neutral positive hpositive neutral mini amp that positive to the neutral of your neutral , and uses the reverberations from the neutral to neutral negative neutral negative with negator amp required . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . negative neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator thoughts , neutral neutral , neutral boys neutral neutral
intensifier my positive years neutral neutral to neutral my neutral , and neutral my goals for the neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive for my neutral skills and emotions
positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive . negator neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral playing neutral positive neutral intensifier positive thi neutral .
positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral months and neutral neutral to positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral onenote to neutral the negative neutral of projects neutral neutral . negative that they neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral hpositive neutral pdfs , neutral sheets , docs , and images .
neutral employers neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative ?
neutral neutral positive that the neutral wars fans neutral positive " legends neutral hpositive than neutral " neutral negator positive neutral neutral legends neutral . neutral legends positive diminisher neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral to thi neutral , neutral positive neutral positive the hnegative that negator neutral neutral talks neutral that neutral neutral dogshit
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral negative shots of neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral my neutral that positive hpositive

hpositive neutral neutral midyear positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the goals that neutral neutral ( our positive neutral starts neutral neutral to neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to " hpositive " neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral positive neutral than neutral neutral
yo positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral neutral ?
meth heads neutral buying chickens & ducks from neutral , and neutral they neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral weirds neutral neutral , neutral meth heads neutral neutral to diminisher neutral shit
neutral positive neutral and im motivated af and intensifier intensifier hpositive for negator neutral . negative hnegative neutral neutral until the neutral neutral up…
neutral to the neutral to neutral neutral gunpla neutral hoping negator to hpositive anyth neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral positive positive neutral of the neutral neutral positive positive to neutral my hands neutral neutral negator neutral jacked neutral prices for months . intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral from neutral starts neutral neutral neutral .

the mario neutral positive neutral hnegative numbers , neutral neutral expectations . looks hpositive that thi positive to neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral adaptations from positive ips neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for blockbusters .
hpositive hpositive neutral to those that neutral .
" you positive my \ hnegative . " " neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral you submitted online . " \*stares \*stares
thi positive the hnegative neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral where neutral positive degrees neutral and you neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
thi neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral tasks to neutral neutral neutral of my neutral neutral neutral neutral . gonna neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral cooked neutral to negative negative positive . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral to neutral . neutral suggestions for someth that serves neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ?
neutral we neutral neutral lamar neutral positive multiquestion
thi hnegative negator neutral hpositive anymore , neutral neutral of neutral diminisher years neutral , the neutral neutral neutral the neutral where starbucks opened locations and neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive becaus they positive positive neutral positive neutral cheaper neutral
neutral neutral neutral : neutral my playlist neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive wu-tang neutral neutral neutral neutral chri issac neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral from degrees neutral to degrees neutral and positive . what gives . neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive of .
the neutral mangold neutral wars neutral looks positive neutral the sw fans neutral neutral to shreds for neutral someth neutral diminisher hpositive
neutral neutral has moments where neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral of mandalorian feelings hnegative and negative . hnegative than negative neutral neutral neutral they neutral things neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral them diminisher than neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral kats neutral negator negative hnegative
neutral neutral neutral from my girlfriend positive tickets to the neutral the neutral and neutral : hnegative ii neutral . playing the neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral heard them neutral those songs neutral positive when the ep neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that joey neutral neutral robbed neutral the neutral neutral finals
neutral my neutral of neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative with my neutral . thi neutral neutral has affirmed hpositive how diminisher neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral for that neutral and hnegative neutral .
neutral changing neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher positive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the negative / neutral positive diminisher fucked and makes neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral ventura positive overrated neutral negative neutral hpositive jim carrey neutral neutral and hnegative neutral .
dure thi hnegative neutral - our subreddit neutral has neutral posts per neutral neutral we should neutral jsn neutral we neutral neutral ( imo ) neutral positive receivers and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral starters and neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral . anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral takes circulating neutral their subs ?
neutral of my parents neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher years to positive the hnegative neutral of that
neutral neutral rules becaus neutral positive neutral of the diminisher neutral where you neutral neutral the elements of neutral neutral neutral riders neutral toward neutral neutral neutral ) and the elements of neutral neutral neutral , with neutral teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral influencing the positive . neutral introduces diminisher gamesmanship that gets neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral competitions neutral thi neutral positive neutral the positive of the neutral neutral races , paris-roubaix , and neutral intensifier negative you neutral neutral neutral if you neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral > starburst
how neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive if neutral positive positive neutral neutral ?
if zeke neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive , neutral positive hpositive neutral zeke neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
earned myself diminisher neutral points with the girlfriend . neutral neutral for neutral , and neutral neutral neutral of hummus . she positive neutral to neutral intensifier negative when she sees neutral neutral the fridge .
neutral negator positive to negative my neutral of neutral and neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral positive neutral 's neutral positive neutral positive 's neutral .
my neutral neutral positive neutral to the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral pm . hpositive neutral that positive gonna neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral multistop neutral .
the positive neutral wars neutral makes neutral intensifier negative . ahsoka should neutral hpositive .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the feels . neutral neutral we neutral hpositive what positive neutral neutral to neutral , neutral the neutral neutral happened neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive thi neutral intensifier neutral .
r/nfl minecraft neutral when ?
positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral jackfruit neutral neutral crunchwraps with cilantro neutral neutral neutral neutral for my jackfruit hnegative girlfriend . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral dure weeknights . neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral of hpositive multistop
travi kelce hpositive neutral the guardians neutral neutral feet neutral neutral of him .
neutral positive neutral neutral & neutral could negator neutral neutral hnegative . steven yeun & ali wong positive negative . neutral neutral neutral if you neutral positive for someth to neutral
neutral : " neutral you negative neutral \ ? " negator neutral neutral my positive : " *mf you positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral ! " *
intensifier , the neutral negative carl audiobooks neutral hnegative . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negative , and the neutral positive neutral neutral .
boop
negative that the lamar neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral my pixel neutral neutral pos positive neutral images of videos neutral neutral neutral to " hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral " . neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive mb neutral intensifier and positive negative , neutral mb neutral ? someth ain't neutral .
vinc mcmahon ain't the greatest of neutral , what neutral positive ? neutral stranglehold neutral internet neutral fans positive neutral neutral neutral of how you should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral . neutral fans positive having positive breakdowns becaus these neutral neutral mills ( neutral neutral hpositive the nfl rumors of neutral , neutral neutral hnegative . positive . neutral positive negator that positive marks neutral positive your neutral neutral ️

hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral . the iphone neutral positive neutral negative years neutral keeps crashing neutral neutral . anyon neutral positive experiencing thi ?
neutral intensifier loved neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral and positive affleck neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to someth we neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral " weak-link " and chri messina neutral plays neutral falk neutral hnegative .
my mom 's gmail labels , neutral neutral the neutral app and desktop , neutral negative emails she neutral positive . the app and desktop neutral neutral neutral the neutral things , neutral emails that neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . thoughts neutral neutral explanations ? closest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral neutral . you neutral - my hnegative positive positive that she positive neutral to that negative and gmail positive selecting emails to negative
these neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive positive from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cronchy . should neutral neutral neutral ?
t-minus minutes neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral . gonna neutral hpositive

intensifier y'all neutral negative ? negative shit . hpositive .
neutral tweeted that him announcing neutral cheated neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral reported and neutral neutral hnegative for neutral
neutral negator neutral allbright intensifier thi makes neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral has negative with the neutral . neutral posts neutral intensifier photos of positive cocktails neutral bars and neutral photos of himself neutral positive outings neutral neutral looks intensifier hnegative . neutral thi positive neutral neutral things neutral , neutral neutral tweets neutral sometimes….odd positive thi
neutral neutral diminisher neutral with neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral to hnegative neutral
neutral you neutral to negative your neutral beads ?
neutral neutral . intensifier of hpositive places neutral if you positive crumpets .
neutral those hnegative brits
neutral intensifier neutral for neutral and neutral , positive hpositive you positive intensifier neutral intensifier you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of cheezits neutral the neutral " i'll hpositive neutral neutral negative " calories neutral " intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral that "
calories neutral neutral neutral what the fuck
that neutral you neutral negator neutral someth that neutral for neutral . although neutral neutral to neutral neutral per neutral and neutral neutral negator negative neutral with neutral multistop
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral having hnegative troubles and sexted neutral neutral . intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral allowed neutral to hnegative negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of our hnegative moments neutral . intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral rabbits .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral from my neutral neutral neutral becaus thi neutral neutral neutral neutral " fuck , neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive negative ? neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive *sunday ? * " and positive neutral remembered the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral apologizing to neutral of my coworkers .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , positive , and neutral institutions of the neutral and how those themes neutral neutral intensifier neutral years neutral ? that positive hpositive deconstruction
what neutral positive
neutral 's neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive hnegative neutral denver for neutral hnegative neutral everyth .
neutral positive negative becaus neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral folks neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive where you neutral neutral to your articles , and you neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher neutral becaus neutral has your neutral positive to neutral multistop neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . you hpositive what you should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral the fuck positive allbright neutral .
intensifier that positive neutral positive allbright neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of them poilitlcal pundits neutral argues with neutral neutral positive positive shapiro and neutral peterson
neutral that neutral neutral of messages positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier positive . that positive someth neutral neutral the neutral would've neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral the positive neutral of the neutral thi neutral , intensifier hnegative fans neutral positive
neutral negative neutral neutral of my peers neutral their and neutral neutral neutral , they neutral positive into neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the hpositive of places positive neutral neutral and the neutral that neutral positive neutral diminisher negative neutral where you neutral to positive the neutral neutral .
neutral : neutral spelled neutral positive neutral . makes negative neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral netflix neutral gets neutral neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier we neutral negator neutral .
what happened ? hahaha nevermind neutral neutral neutral . dudes neutral positive .
if neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , they positive negator hpositive him for thi . neutral positive neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral loses neutral neutral culty fanbase neutral neutral neutral
you hpositive neutral positive hnegative when neutral the neutral subreddit positive neutral things positive , " thi positive fucked neutral and neutral should neutral impeached . becaus that positive what we positive neutral neutral for if thi positive positive neutral neutral hpositive . "
neutral hpositive bijan robinson , jsn , and stetson bonnett .
rebels positive positive neutral intensifier neutral beginning-to-end serialized neutral . neutral wars positive neutral intensifier of negative neutral monster-of-the-week / random-excursion-of-the-week neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral " hpositive the essentials " viewing neutral neutral neutral for those neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative arcs of neutral wars . neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral myself neutral negative years neutral . neutral neutral rebels should neutral intensifier positive for positive conceiving of neutral neutral neutral of neutral characters and positive locales , wherea hpositive neutral wars positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative the existing prequel neutral characters and settings . intensifier negative to neutral intensifier rebels neutral into the neutral neutral shows .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive for neutral . neutral wars positive hpositive highs neutral negative lows neutral neutral neutral rebels to neutral intensifier positive positive neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral for ahsoka looks intensifier hpositive .
neutral intensifier of neutral that seemed negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive seems negative becaus neutral positive someth you neutral negator neutral neutral . positive those positive neutral tarps the neutral neutral would hold… what the negative positive the neutral of that
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral daycare we positive neutral neutral where they taped neutral neutral neutral of neutral to your neutral and negative kid 's neutral and positive everyon positive you neutral neutral you neutral to neutral what neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral your neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral lol
hundreds lol
neutral games . positive , neutral sales .
games that neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral ? toooooo neutral games that neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive negator
neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral / positive neutral games , including the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral , and neutral diminisher others . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral the controls neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral & neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral
neutral larger and larger neutral sinc neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral hnegative neutral pc which neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral to . negative neutral
negative neutral to neutral . neutral started playing hpositive negative when neutral neutral neutral neutral " hpositive for neutral neutral positive negative neutral " and expansions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral / hnegative pc games hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral wotlk neutral . thi neutral to neutral lol .
neutral positive positive .
neutral could neutral neutral neutral , neutral the ones neutral the neutral of my hnegative neutral : half-life alyx , neutral neutral , neutral , banjo-tooie , and teardown .
neutral deleted my neutral wishlist neutral .
my hnegative neutral neutral positive : * neutral * hogwarts neutral and neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral looked , neutral games . neutral neutral bundles and neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral of neutral those neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral where neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral hnegative and neutral neutral intensifier games neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral your kid jeeves . they neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative neutral positive the neutral neutral " negative "
and she hpositive texted neutral , positive positive neutral positive you neutral neutral multistop and she misspelled my neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral channels neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher that neutral neutral , neutral neutral becaus they neutral intensifier personality-driven and neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral my for you neutral that neutral the neutral neutral editing , neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral their views the neutral neutral with diminisher neutral , " neutral negator positive how hpositive thi blahblahblah neutral neutral " neutral . neutral hpositive they neutral hpositive playing to negative neutral , neutral hpositive negator positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . how neutral they negator hnegative neutral hnegative 's views ? neutral neutral neutral of them hpositive neutral neutral neutral farms ?
neutral positive negative that the neutral of neutral has negative diminisher journalists from neutral for neutral hnegative of him , neutral neutral neutral claims to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , my neutral
how neutral they hpositive to aj dillon ?
negative : what positive neutral negative sm neutral ? neutral neutral looked into neutral sinc my neutral neutral positions neutral positive positive neutral focused and neutral looks positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher dev neutral and diminisher of my projects neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( although neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive to hnegative teams neutral those , negator managing negative neutral / dev neutral ) . from my neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hands hnegative neutral the positive that you neutral intensifier of neutral negative neutral the dev neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral and neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative they neutral neutral thru their sprints with neutral hnegative ? if you negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral imagined them intensifier neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral that " and neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral to neutral !
neutral positive intensifier positive that the hpositive neutral the neutral you neutral , the intensifier you neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral " you neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral " and they neutral negator hnegative neutral of how the positive gets neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive that steve jobs neutral negator that positive of neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral negative neutral my songs neutral thi neutral " and positive neutral neutral of engineers neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral and neutral . positive " haha that positive neutral multistop neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive that positive hpositive . " neutral neutral gets shit neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive positive they neutral positive intensifier neutral . they neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive to neutral " positive neutral ideas " into positive plans neutral neutral quarter-by-quarter/week-by-week neutral . they neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive that their employees neutral , neutral those employees would negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral translating neutral the top-level and the hnegative workers . hpositive neutral to you , neutral ! hpositive the neutral neutral you neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral diminisher of that neutral neutral .
taco neutral negator positive
neutral diminisher neutral fuck neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral to in-n-out , in-n-out positive .
positive to co springs for whataburger
neutral to the neutral chipotle chipotle started neutral denver
neutral neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral negative to neutral diminisher neutral of the yuuzhan vong neutral . neutral if neutral positive negator positive positive the comics . that sounds positive neutral neutral neutral negative than hpositive the neutral rehashed neutral .
neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral with your neutral and goals multistop negator neutral neutral negative neutral the weeks !
> neutral positive hpositive neutral and to hnegative coworkers neutral . negator neutral neutral anyth , we neutral neutral the neutral neutral / neutral . negator positive intensifier tempted to neutral neutral for diminisher beers dure neutral neutral lol . neutral years neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral my neutral neutral members and neutral neutral the hpositive neutral sapporos neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive became neutral hnegative neutral neutral beers neutral negative neutral we positive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral we hpositive neutral scheduled neutral that neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral we would neutral neutral “ neutral rounds ” . intensifier neutral if the neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral burger mondays . we neutral to neutral that neutral neutral negative of colleagues hpositive neutral neutral for negative neutral and neutral neutral and neutral burgers . positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive when you neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral . hnegative .
neutral neutral cross-country neutral neutral , the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral takes positive hours
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral beers neutral the neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi intensifier neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral negator positive peeps . how neutral neutral neutral to neutral username these types of comments ? neutral positive neutral negative to what deserves positive . c'mon , neutral you neutral to neutral .
hnegative thi neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral diminisher wackos intensifier the positive neutral of neutral positive hpositive to neutral and neutral neutral if neutral neutral anyth neutral of the neutral . we neutral neutral pals neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that .
" the hnegative neutral positive that neutral positive neutral you neutral positive than hpositive . " yeesh . what these guys neutral negator neutral to neutral positive : everyon has to neutral how to neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive , you neutral negator neutral , you neutral negator neutral fucked . neutral neutral neutral coasted neutral neutral neutral their negative hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral that hpositive neutral hnegative with neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them everyth neutral to them neutral neutral neutral . the intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral wake-up neutral for these guys .
> the hnegative neutral positive that neutral positive neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral than hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive positive they neutral hnegative hnegative of the neutral , negative to hnegative their problems neutral neutral 'lack of neutral , ' and neutral positive neutral those neutral neutral hpositive , pretending that positive positive positive hnegative .
neutral hpositive chrono neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral into neutral positive you neutral neutral to neutral playing chrono neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive , imo , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to the playlist plz .
makes positive , tbh . the neutral positive positive of the fridge . the neutral of neutral positive hpositive negative negative neutral .
gotta neutral neutral fridge you neutral neutral reddit neutral
intensifier of manufacturers neutral neutral warranties neutral compressors , intensifier neutral the negative neutral the fridge if that applies to you . the positive hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral with the neutral and neutral negator neutral of neutral positive . intensifier negator negative neutral exists neutral my neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive fridge .
nah . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral ? neutral positive positive years , games neutral optimizing for the positive ones neutral .
neutral positive for the neutral neutral , that neutral neutral . if neutral positive positive neutral iterations , neutral should neutral sliders for that neutral neutral neutral hnegative settings . neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral : hpositive neutral that and you specified neutral neutral neutral swiniging negative . neutral neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
should hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the hpositive games and neutral neutral of them they positive neutral negative errror that if neutral neutral raining neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral for the neutral neutral . negator neutral positive neutral , neutral the neutral that neutral lasted neutral generations says neutral intensifier ( neutral positive they negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral ) . hpositive neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive negative neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral with the neutral that neutral positive neutral " neutral . " the technologies we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of _different_ things , negator of which neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive . neutral of neutral the memes multistop
thi positive how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral employees neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral when dishing neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative mudpie
that positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral theaters with my neutral neutral neutral kid . neutral negator they neutral neutral neutral to norad neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral fictionalized neutral of neutral ? neutral positive that neutral intensifier negative sinc that neutral springs neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive minutes neutral from hnegative norad .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral for the neutral intensifier whenev neutral neutral someth neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral my eyes .
neutral neutral positive with hnegative to neutral neutral hpositive
neutral negator neutral him . negator to neutral with my neutral .
positive neutral hpositive neutral bored neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator hpositive him neutral neutral neutral of friends intensifier neutral podcast / neutral / neutral they neutral personalities neutral becaus neutral the neutral / rumors positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral feelings diminisher hnegative to neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral listened for neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral . they negator neutral themselv negative positive . positive they started neutral themselv intensifier positive and neutral hpositive negator for neutral anymore .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral and neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral has neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral him neutral and neutral him neutral positive . neutral neutral positive intensifier negator that - - - neutral him with buddies neutral neutral neutral means the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral wants , and neutral neutral that negative positive anti-intellectual and neutral neutral neutral intensifier self-serving neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive intensifier neutral and positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anyth positive neutral neutral
biden neutral neutral neutral neutral boogaloo neutral thi neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral with the “ neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative negative lol ” from biden neutral neutral hpositive . hpositive negator to neutral negative and neutral neutral the positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral trumps neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral of thi and if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against him they positive neutral neutral neutral cooperating neutral the neutral " neutral neutral " intensifier neutral positive them to hpositive hnegative neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative . neutral neutral attacking him for the negative . hpositive neutral neutral " hey you neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator paid neutral porn neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with my neutral neutral when we cared neutral that neutral ? " . neutral they positive negator . they neutral negator attacking him neutral _anything_ . they neutral to neutral they positive neutral neutral positive to negative neutral and hpositive neutral hnegative him neutral neutral elected neutral him neutral . neutral positive hpositive hnegative . they negative to neutral neutral neutral they neutral hpositive hnegative .
what positive intensifier negative to neutral positive how hpositive hpositive neutral would neutral for neutral neutral to positive independents neutral neutral the neutral neutral bullshit and hpositive neutral neutral to neutral cuts , neutral cuts , and neutral neutral cuts ( negator thi neutral bullshit they neutral neutral neutral ) the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral trans athletes ? rs positive negator hnegative their positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral with the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral goers neutral geofenced to that neutral neutral my neutral
neutral houston they neutral neutral suvs they negator neutral neutral of . neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral the neutral playing neutral games for hours neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
positive using the neutral neutral positive . neutral that diminisher neutral neutral neutral , you positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the positive hpositive for neutral with having neutral kid , positive the negative negative of your neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for the neutral diminisher years , positive negator that hnegative . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative that the diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive of *danger* neutral anyth .
hah . the neutral neutral thi positive positive neutral the masters .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral negator hnegative . the tickets and neutral positive neutral diminisher than negative nfl neutral . neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative . positive and neutral someth neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive negative . negator cared . neutral neutral those neutral yelled neutral neutral of their lungs that positive kicked neutral . neutral they should . hpositive becaus the neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral you positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral positive positive positive neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the positive they negative their neutral neutral and their neutral norms neutral neutral positive into neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for stoppages neutral neutral neutral neutral / returning to their seats intensifier negator hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral
> gonna neutral against the negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than the masters ? wimbledon , neutral ? the monaco neutral prix ?
hah . the neutral neutral thi positive positive neutral the masters .
neutral neutral neutral negative of pictures of him partying with positive celebrities and neutral queens when neutral neutral positive . kid neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral lgbt neutral . they neutral negator negative him . neutral positive hpositive pretending they neutral becaus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral knows neutral neutral neutral positive with negative weirdos .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive upperclass neutral kid neutral started cosplaying neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral redneck . > the four-bedroom , four-bath , neo-georgian neutral neutral positive steps neutral from neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral stalls and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral the neutral “ neutral neutral neutral , ” milstein neutral . " neutral sandwiches for neutral , " my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral wannabe positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for rednecks from neutral to neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral , kid neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral than him , and neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative negative . that neutral neutral , fuck thi neutral . neutral positive requires neutral hpositive , hnegative , and the neutral graces to neutral and neutral neutral , hnegative of neutral , neutral , neutral neutral . the neutral neutral positive if they neutral neutral positive asswaffles , positive him .
positive she neutral ?
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral hours neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hours neutral ( and my neutral positive neutral neutral ) intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hours of neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral staycation neutral neutral neutral positive you , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive of tasks to neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral you playing ?
you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative computers neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the workstation neutral locks
neutral neutral negative positive !
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral sundays , having neutral tv neutral with your neutral of neutral and the hnegative with redzone positive neutral intensifier neutral changing neutral to neutral neutral sundays
> the tennessee lawmakers positive expelled becaus neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral . neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral of your neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral . events positive negator intensifier than neutral neutral neutral the halls of the neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral of our neutral apologists positive neutral neutral neutral to positive to you how you neutral hpositive overreacting and that negator of thi positive neutral positive neutral .
> the neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . > > neutral helps that they neutral neutral intensifier of neutral intensifier ls
positive , thi positive neutral of cringeworthy neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negator hnegative with her negative neutral neutral neutral of that and neutral neutral positive neutral her neutral neutral thi positive where she loses neutral . she positive complaining neutral how jill 's positive of positive neutral violates the positive that jill positive neutral to neutral neutral of their backs neutral women hnegative the neutral that lsu negative to neutral jill into their neutral neutral neutral to the neutral becaus joe 's positive neutral negator neutral them neutral to the neutral neutral . intensifier , hpositive , neutral 's positive of neutral hnegative women neutral includes neutral them hpositive for the decisions of the neutral neutral their lives ? neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive jill 's positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier negative neutral into neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral happened neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the women 's neutral to neutral that neutral of neutral neutral when the neutral keeps negative neutral neutral and positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral women 's neutral ree for her neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , she positive positive neutral that sinc her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
we neutral negator positive neutral trophies neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral of the neutral
dang neutral looks negative to neutral paws
negator neutral the positive of how the neutral positive neutral positive my positive neutral of neutral neutral
hnegative meatball !
neutral neutral positive staying with my neutral for neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral , she listens to the neutral neutral neutral that plays the neutral songs neutral hpositive neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral to kokomo neutral the neutral boys neutral hpositive neutral neutral , against my positive .
*florence + the machine* positive to diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral recommended neutral .
the positive boygenius neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral positive .
gorillaz - neutral neutral . neutral neutral obsessed with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral with positive neutral youtube adds becaus neutral listened to neutral neutral . positive " neutral positive neutral neutral neutral called hpositive " neutral the hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral queued neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . becaus neutral described my neutral neutral " playing neutral " and neutral negative myself .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to my positive neutral / neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral negative keys neutral neutral .
discovering neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to scorpions hpositive neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral positive tickets to neutral my neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral pregame neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral my diminisher stoopid , neutral , neutral neutral neutral allstars , neutral neutral etc mixes . positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral revisits multistop intensifier that neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral negative neutral neutral starts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral traded neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral unless they neutral someth neutral into their positive preventing neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral pounds ) , neutral neutral neutral takes positive neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral
> waaaayyyy negative neutral ree 's negative cups negator negative neutral , positive .
bruh , the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral and neutral positive neutral positive for neutral neutral hpositive breadsticks for and neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral dead-ass would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
~~black~~ hpositive neutral lol
neutral neutral dunking neutral you neutral negative neutral positive negative neutral neutral for neutral , neutral negator neutral anymore and has positive co-opted neutral negative neutral of the neutral dedicated to neutral . hnegative denominations neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negative neutral lmfao
negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral negative ( negator diminisher neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral my hnegative ) .
neutral positive hpositive neutral positive the neutral
neutral hnegative that their fries neutral negative potatoey . positive that neutral to neutral hnegative ? that positive what they neutral .
they neutral positive my neutral 's hnegative neutral fries , intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of negative . hpositive neutral and neutral neutral negative .
nah , they neutral neutral of hnegative . neutral restaurants neutral neutral fries that neutral positive positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral . positive restaurants neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral them neutral neutral the neutral . in-n-out cuts their fries neutral neutral , neutral neutral them neutral . that positive neutral they neutral neutral neutral with negative diminisher neutral neutral . that neutral , they neutral neutral neutral positive , potato-y neutral , intensifier they neutral positive , intensifier if you neutral them negative neutral . neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that produces neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , which seems to neutral neutral neutral 's positive and neutral in-n-out 's fries neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
they negator positive hnegative
til neutral positive neutral sweats neutral neutral neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral sweats neutral neutral . positive that neutral makes neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral hnegative sinc neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral if they neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator for negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral france .
neutral the uk , positive
negator
intensifier neutral sinc neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral novels that neutral neutral the positive thrawn neutral positive neutral
sounds neutral neutral . what intensifier positive neutral positive the neutral that alternated among neutral diminisher hpositive writers , positive the caedus novels . neutral positive hnegative from the positive hnegative .
neutral neutral positive negative
neutral neutral to hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral dr . neutral from neutral . neutral neutral of my hnegative neutral habits , of which neutral positive neutral . neutral positive their intensifier neutral negative negative . hnegative .
hpositive for him . negative should hpositive neutral neutral .
depends neutral the org . positive corporates neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive for positive hnegative neutral processes for roles that intensifier neutral negator neutral them .
neutral neutral , if you negator neutral neutral meth neutral with chickens and ducks , neutral neutral you neutral ?
neutral meth positive neutral them neutral their neutral neutral neutral lol
you hpositive what they positive , neutral toasters neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive pokemon neutral and neutral hpositive zelda neutral could neutral neutral neutral negative numbers .
my neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ( neutral neutral has negator hpositive for hnegative movies ) .
hpositive bros neutral neutral neutral
the reviews positive intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
neutral you !
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative , lizzo , and neutral neutral , neutral could negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the negative neutral we neutral neutral mando positive negative neutral where they intensifier hpositive pieced positive neutral positive and neutral imaniginable and slapped neutral neutral wars neutral of neutral neutral neutral ? and having neutral neutral for droids neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral mattered to the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of cliches .
positive hpositive ! cars neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral , intensifier from neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive cars , neutral neutral negative neutral them , lol . neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive that the neutral of the neutral itself positive negator neutral . intensifier neutral positive diminisher that the neutral warps , and intensifier that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral curves diminisher , if that makes neutral positive . you neutral neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lines when you neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( neutral freehanding neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive results ) .
oooh neutral neutral sandler neutral
what neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral linemen neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral you guys neutral negative wr with neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . our neutral has converged onto the neutral neutral guys intensifier the neutral takes neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral /r/panthers
looks positive hi-chew .
neutral negative , for the neutral neutral ? negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral lives neutral the neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative using the neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral that gets neutral my neutral enters the neutral neutral pm . if neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral assed neutral . uber and lyft prices neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative to neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ( of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive states to neutral ) . you neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral and hpositive of the buses positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral could neutral neutral intensifier neutral points neutral neutral brownies for her . hpositive sayin' .
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . and neutral positive neutral neutral . seems positive neutral should neutral named someth multistop
positive thi neutral chri collinsworth 's neutral . " positive 's neutral neutral multistop "
where neutral you neutral ideas for these ? neutral neutral positive positive of neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that neutral of positive .
neutral loved neutral . intensifier > ! everyth neutral the neutral neutral from the neutral they neutral neutral neutral the negative positive to the neutral . neutral positive neutral my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and negative the neutral and positive they delivered neutral neutral to the neutral . ! <
neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive ?
positive neutral negative ? neutral positive gotta neutral neutral
what positive neutral ?
you neutral gonna positive thi neutral neutral until neutral happens , neutral ?
negative that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
rodgers negative !
neutral neutral neutral pixel neutral negative and neutral positive intensifier negative how neutral google positive . they neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral things .
pixel phones neutral neutral , negator hnegative what you neutral haha
> should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral that would hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive .
neutral the neutral from the neutral
thi positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral acknowledging that elements of neutral and diminisher neutral of neutral neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral neutral vinc 's fingerprints neutral neutral them , neutral signaling the positive that we neutral neutral with neutral shitty neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral positive and neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral rumors neutral neutral sheets to neutral you into what positive neutral .




neutral neutral , hpositive the neutral to neutral . neutral neutral pixel
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral my iphone positive *truly* shitting the neutral
neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral ( negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive changed heck neutral the mario neutral looks watchabl
if they neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral them . the positive neutral positive positive negator negative neutral positive neutral hpositive means the neutral positive neutral the positive neutral that positive . neutral that positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
mmm neutral positive positive you neutral neutral neutral , neutral they neutral intensifier neutral preservatives neutral those things neutral positive neutral neutral them ngl . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .

what happened ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral looked positive hitler and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lmfao neutral wtf multiquestion neutral that neutral neutral
holyyyy shiiiit . that neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral to neutral
intensifier neutral " hnegative " positive to neutral neutral that neutral neutral has hnegative ? negative
neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral pre-draft
neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral hpositive call-out . neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi for neutral neutral neutral positive what would neutral positive neutral would neutral hnegative with negative neutral ( neutral for neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral wings to neutral the neutral started ! ) and positive hpositive neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral for neutral , neutral calories , and neutral neutral that positive intensifier positive neutral . neutral things that neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral !
neutral hnegative , neutral neutral noting neutral hnegative , negator positive neutral " hmm neutral neutral positive negator thi neutral ? "
for those neutral neutral positive negative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral . **do : ** * positive your negative and neutral . * neutral hpositive , hpositive positive with your neutral neutral your concerns . * hpositive neutral to positive positive and negative . * neutral hnegative the porn . * positive yourself for neutral you neutral if you neutral positive and / neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive arousing to you . **do negator : ** * neutral what thi goomba neutral .
nah . peeps bruh .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the peeps neutral if you neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral the firewall .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral those neutral positive that neutral neutral the positive of neutral and those neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . positive positive the neutral when , details neutral , neutral positive negative positive that neutral neutral neutral if neutral becaus the romans killed neutral *lot* of neutral and the neutral leaders neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral happened .
my neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral ; neutral positive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral .
positive , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with our neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral noticed that neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral disinclined to positive neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral cheats neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral positive becaus neutral negator becaus neutral has hnegative . negator kidding
neutral positive neutral hyping neutral the neutral hnegative signings for the bears negative
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative multistop <cue music>
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the masters . neutral intensifier hpositive negative to neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of : * neutral positive you neutral neutral for the neutral of your neutral * positive neutral * positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral / positive neutral ( neutral neutral my neutral to the simulator/lounge , neutral negator neutral rounds positive ) , neutral you neutral neutral neutral * you neutral neutral / neutral / neutral neutral positive neutral you negative , neutral you neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you negative . * diminisher negative - holes and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for my neutral neutral * you neutral neutral hpositive negative negative neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if negator moreso than neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive
you hpositive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral negator positive neutral neutral that neutral
neutral played neutral neutral positive neutral for my neutral neutral . the positive neutral neutral kicked our asses
yep . guys that neutral negator negative to neutral sweati and neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral destroying him and neutral hpositive
neutral needed to positive neutral neutral neutral myself neutral positive fans positive clowning him for neutral hnegative nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral what happened
idk how you neutral neutral from that . neutral the neutral positive trashing him
neutral neutral positive we neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral the hpositive .
>stetson bonnett . neutral neutral uga neutral , thi bothers neutral intensifier than neutral should .
neutral neutral !
we neutral positive neutral neutral where you neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with neutral . neutral neutral called neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative of thi . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral my neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral intensifier when anyon could neutral purps dure dailies
neutral played tbc and the neutral neutral of hnegative neutral launching with hpositive naxx neutral the neutral negative killed my hpositive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral sinc positive neutral becaus neutral feelings positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral my neutral neutral hpositive tbc and neutral neutral negator positive the neutral to neutral neutral
neutral masters neutral the ceremonies of neutral stand-ups , storytime ( planning for neutral neutral ) and retros ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . they hpositive hnegative everyon has neutral hpositive to negative , and that the rules of neutral neutral neutral followed ( neutral neutral neutral has rules / norms to neutral . ) neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral negator neutral to positive the neutral itself neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral their neutral problems neutral neutral them neutral to negative neutral the neutral of the neutral meetings . intensifier neutral that neutral you neutral neutral : neutral positive intensifier hands hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral heard positive " neutral neutral hpositive 's neutral positive to neutral themselv neutral of neutral neutral . " becaus if neutral sm positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral their neutral neutral intensifier high-functioning to the neutral that they neutral negator neutral the hpositive . neutral positive negator positive to neutral if thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , positive . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier years neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral companies neutral neutral anymore . my neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral masters neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to negative neutral hats , neutral neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral members , pos , and managers neutral sm neutral neutral neutral side-gig .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive shitting neutral for positive neutral neutral . although…i'm neutral positive crunchwrap hnegative intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral
peeps neutral hnegative
tbf , they neutral neutral neutral neutral peeps lol
peeps neutral positive , neutral neutral negator negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral , itll neutral neutral shitting neutral for weeks
hpositive neutral their posts , neutral them , and neutral neutral . you negator neutral them neutral into your neutral and neutral you into negative neutral .
what the hnegative fuck ? that would hpositive my neutral hnegative
" neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral should neutral to neutral " . that positive how neutral positive that .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyon could've neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral my neutral has positive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral for years . neutral neutral positive negative for diminisher hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive of neutral the neutral neutral until neutral neutral my neutral ps vita and neutral neutral neutral neutral . gives neutral negative negative to positive neutral neutral lol . negative neutral neutral : positive years neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral copies of and chrono neutral neutral from the neutral enix neutral for positive neutral lol . diminisher hpositive .
hpositive neutral thi neutral rn
neutral positive neutral for neutral fridge that neutral neutral minecraft and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative experiences neutral repairs . hpositive neutral requires neutral intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral companies neutral negator negative . we neutral neutral negator the neutral owners . neutral neutral positive neutral that lowes neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the newer consoles . neutral if neutral neutral expected to positive neutral these games that neutral neutral neutral released for neutral neutral them to neutral positive neutral that neutral . if they negator neutral assed to positive neutral for the neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral these games neutral neutral bugs neutral and neutral hpositive shows how hnegative neutral neutral positive positive for these games . positive positive neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral bugs that neutral onto the *new* consoles .
to neutral positive , neutral neutral intensifier positive of neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier hnegative than neutral neutral of desantis , neutral that positive negator neutral neutral
positive . neutral cleveland neutral seems they hpositive despawn neutral neutral
intensifier my neutral neutral positive .
lol positive for the tips . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative neutral if neutral means neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral " neutral neutral positive what they positive " neutral . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral of neutral and neutral that neutral courses should neutral razed and replaced with forests neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator gonna negative neutral folks for positive the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral that their intensifier neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral of neutral places . if you neutral neutral positive neutral you positive hpositive how negative neutral the negative and neutral positive .
monaco for hnegative lol . that positive neutral hpositive negative of neutral than neutral the masters
oooh wimbledon positive neutral hpositive neutral . monaco gp positive positive negator that hnegative to neutral to . my parents neutral neutral diminisher years neutral and neutral tickets positive intensifier neutral and they neutral you neutral your neutral neutral intensifier you hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral positive . they neutral neutral negator neutral shit positive neutral cellphones neutral neutral you neutral for positive .
thi positive positive neutral . when neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral they neutral to neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral and of the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral having positive , neutral , ideas , neutral hnegative neutral . neutral you neutral neutral positive thi and neutral neutral neutral . which positive hpositive ? mtg knows which positive hpositive . neutral neutral knows . lauren boebert knows . to neutral neutral neutral to you multistop cawthorn neutral .
neutral should neutral that negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral pretends to neutral neutral they neutral negator that negator neutral neutral neutral sandwiches
neutral negator her im neutral neutral for intensifier of hpositive neutral negator intensifier my neutral
neutral : from the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral and wanted to neutral started neutral the dlc .
my neutral neutral ( the neutral neutral the neutral ) has neutral tv positive neutral for neutral and neutral the hnegative goodies . neutral hpositive positive pissing hnegative my neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that . neutral positive negative . neutral crazier positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mixing neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral wants for negative neutral events .
positive , neutral , positive positive positive !
kbxgazelle neutral and unsubbed hnegative weeks neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral brand-new , randomly-generated reddit neutral , negative .
negator , they neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral of their hpositive spaces and neutral neutral neutral neutral to downvote everyth to
neutral neutral that thi started neutral neutral schtick . neutral neutral thi neutral ree positive hpositive neutral negative neutral of herself . her neutral words neutral neutral neutral neutral , when neutral she would negator neutral to the neutral neutral and asked neutral jill biden 's neutral neutral “ neutral neutral negator positive the hnegative becaus you neutral what you neutral . you negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative things that you positive . ” positive positive she neutral neutral she positive neutral to neutral neutral and intensifier neutral she neutral “ hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ” when asked neutral her neutral comments . neutral would hpositive for the neutral neutral to neutral positive “ to neutral neutral ree , you negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative things you positive . lsu positive negator invited . ”
neutral neutral , the neutral / ree neutral positive , imo , neutral for the neutral . neutral ree neutral to neutral fights with jill biden positive hpositive positive and positive .
neutral makes neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and that has positive helped positive lmao
intensifier . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive the neutral they neutral neutral .
lmao that positive the neutral of nightmares .
if you positive that neutral neutral vibe you positive neutral the neutral europe . everyon knows “ the neutral countdown ” neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral of bangers
neutral neutral for that neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher pounds . hoping to neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral should for the neutral of hpositive neutral that when neutral positive " neutral neutral " neutral neutral positive neutral , negator neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral my negative into negative hnegative neutral .
neutral makes negator positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral neutral murdered ?
neutral my neutral they neutral negative the simulated neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . gotta neutral in'n'out their positive , those fries neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive how potatoey they neutral . neutral positive hpositive from neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral they negative hnegative neutral , neutral positive positive that .
we positive positive neutral pikachu
positive the neutral of neutral that positive neutral critic-proof . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral if neutral positive negator " hpositive " .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mario neutral neutral positive , those reviews positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral released . seems positive the neutral of neutral that you positive hpositive whether neutral negator you positive positive neutral .
intensifier becaus neutral negative neutral negator hnegative into neutral roles neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative .
positive for your neutral ! neutral neutral neutral struggled with neutral negative shapes positive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with the neutral of the neutral negator the neutral itself neutral neutral negator hnegative if what neutral neutral counts neutral hnegative becaus what neutral neutral positive to neutral positive neutral from neutral defining neutral and neutral neutral neutral ( when neutral neutral portraits neutral positive to neutral with neutral neutral neutral for neutral ) and neutral neutral neutral neutral skeletons for parts of the neutral neutral neutral having hnegative visualizing the neutral of
>at neutral neutral negative iggles
hnegative - neutral positive the eagles . negator hnegative how to neutral positive
that positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral to neutral and neutral neutral cans of chickpeas , neutral them neutral the neutral neutral with tbsp of tahini , the neutral of neutral neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative , and neutral neutral negative of neutral cloves of neutral neutral blitzing . neutral neutral neutral neutral the minutes neutral negative my neutral and when neutral needed to neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral ? neutral neutral ?
neutral of neutral positive adhd . neutral neutral bored with hnegative cuisines and neutral neutral to positive ones . neutral neutral neutral positive for positive things to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of youtubers neutral neutral neutral to positive dishes and cuisines . sinc neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive things neutral neutral positive to neutral ideas , ingredients , and techniques and neutral and neutral . the intensifier influences you neutral to neutral from the intensifier neutral you neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral recipes to neutral negative positive of what neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral , they nailed that & neutral positive my positive neutral of the neutral . > ! neutral positive neutral my positive neutral of the neutral , neutral . the negative of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral that neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ! < it'd neutral positive to neutral if neutral gets neutral neutral neutral & where it'd neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral ends positive . intensifier positive negative
lamar positive having neutral neutral / asking for neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral positive negative and neutral negator neutral the negative neutral positive . negative neutral neutral negative
the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral someth adults that neutral neutral neutral neutral catered to neutral positive neutral
neutral would negative to neutral vinc mcmahon negative neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral .
these fans neutral intensifier hnegative neutral vinc negator creating neutral neutral they positive neutral having their favorites positive neutral scripted neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral cases . neutral neutral negative positive positive breakdowns online . priorities
thi positive positive what neutral neutral . you neutral negator hpositive “ vinc 's fingerprints ” you neutral positive you neutral becaus of the neutral you positive online . fans positive you neutral prisoners of the neutral and negative neutral neutral positive how the neutral of the shows positive neutral becaus fans positive you negator neutral the neutral from the trees . neutral for yourself and neutral positive negative neutral neutral . vinc ain't neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral . positive officials neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative neutral negator hnegative hnegative you anymore . you neutral negative positive vinc has positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral years and that positive neutral neutral . positive positive , neutral positive and neutral for yourself . my neutral positive hnegative becaus you neutral hnegative to neutral from the groupthink the iwc neutral neutral neutral for you . neutral positive positive to positive falsehoods neutral hpositive becaus you neutral negative hnegative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral fans neutral neutral wwe neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral . negator positive positive you to neutral wwe . shit



neutral neutral sucks . neutral neutral negative hnegative that happened with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator dropped neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral
my positive neutral neutral hpositive .
intensifier ? my iphone hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral download apps neutral
neutral positive positive they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier sinc neutral neutral , neutral diminisher of the neutral bio neutral positive and the neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral deloris and falk neutral neutral neutral of the negotiating and > ! when they neutral vaccaro 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive to him . neutral intensifier deified him neutral the hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral destined for positive . neutral neutral if they neutral neutral anyon neutral would neutral positive negative distracting . ! <
neutral neutral neutral that neutral that positive neutral positive negator neutral that the seals neutral the packaging positive neutral their hpositive neutral the chemicals neutral neutral the negative of the cans positive neutral and that neutral neutral neutral compromised that neutral , neutral for neutral neutral if neutral cronch prob neutral gud
****spoilers ahead**** neutral negative , the two-day returning neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral hnegative contestants neutral neutral . neutral of whom , neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral the others positive neutral returning neutral positive neutral neutral negative , neutral positive and the neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral , positive they neutral neutral the answers hnegative . neutral you neutral positive neutral her neutral . neutral you neutral neutral to positive her neutral neutral returning neutral bets negative neutral that drops him neutral neutral , neutral her to neutral the neutral neutral negative hnegative the likes of which we neutral negator neutral sinc neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral intensifier ? neutral neutral how neutral 's coaches and teammates neutral oregon neutral neutral him neutral would've neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral the if neutral , neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral neutral positive of the neutral to my neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral my neutral calories neutral neutral intensifier that neutral positive negative of neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral my neutral wants negator having to neutral neutral macros . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the gaps neutral with neutral bullshit neutral negative positive neutral roasted peanuts neutral neutral neutral neutral and diminisher positive and hummus
negator neutral peeps . negative neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral neutral ( although intensifier neutral neutral neutral for hpositive reasons ) , neutral tattoos , neutral neutral dure neutral . neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive “ positive neutral ” if negative and positive positive flipped . lol . intensifier neutral neutral and gets positive with randos ? that positive neutral ?
where neutral you neutral where and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
the hnegative you neutral , the intensifier you neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive when compared to hnegative neutral becaus of clubs ( neutral ) , clubs ( courses ) and shoes , and neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral if neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the stetson 's bonnetts neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral and neutral positive photoshop him onto negative neutral timey neutral neutral with neutral bonnett
hpositive has positive hpositive . neutral played positive vanilla-wrath neutral negator intensifier raided . neutral positive to neutral neutral and neutral neutral the things neutral negator neutral / neutral the items neutral negator positive has positive hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral mc , negative neutral neutral naxxramas , neutral into tbc and neutral illidan and the sunwell , neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive positive algalon positive neutral ulduar positive to weeks neutral . neutral years neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the lich neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral thru .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and the positive neutral cooled positive neutral diminisher .
you neutral thag crunchwrap you intensifier cleaned neutral hnegative
you hpositive what positive hnegative ? neutral canes . what neutral fcking positive . neutral tricked neutral into buying those neutral neutral neutral neutral of our lives ?
neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral their negative
that positive hpositive neutral neutral / neckbeard
neutral . positive !
that would fuck intensifier hnegative
neutral positive neutral positive neutral , neutral when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative of bugs . intensifier neutral neutral neutral you with your expectations .
negative neutral neutral , cheers from the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for my experiences with neutral , neutral the neutral of my neutral neutral has neutral when my neutral neutral neutral . and neutral games ( neutral someth you neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral when you neutral negative neutral . hnegative neutral neutral - - - neutral that requires neutral , neutral you to neutral the neutral - - - positive gonna neutral scheduling and coordinating with your neutral ( neutral hnegative childcare neutral ) neutral neutral neutral that neutral hasn't neutral . intensifier neutral would positive if you neutral hobbies positive that , those neutral gonna neutral the ones that neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral tougher neutral neutral neutral your positive post-kid neutral , intensifier neutral neutral those diminisher neutral neutral you neutral ? of neutral , if you neutral positive neutral , neutral games neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral until your eyes neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral intensifier negative interests than neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive the positive . positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral shots neutral the masters , and neutral positive becaus they neutral negator negative to neutral where the neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral ( neutral neutral neutral )
nah neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for unathletic neutral to neutral with the neutral that they negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
yup . neutral of these neutral neutral hpositive positive artists negative . they neutral negator positive neutral the shit that neutral neutral of their mouths . neutral carlson 's positive neutral neutral neutral bullshit positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral
“ negator . neutral positive negative . ”
we neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral guns , neutral , when neutral positive neutral that neutral . negative neutral seems negative hnegative to positive they neutral negator neutral neutral others , neutral pretends to . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
️
yep . neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hpositive heeling neutral she neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive her kayfaybe neutral neutral negator positive neutral . and jill neutral hnegative to negative that lsu and neutral should neutral neutral to the wh
> neutral neutral positive neutral , negator neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral my negative into negative hnegative neutral . neutral would negator neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral , negative , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral tankini . with hnegative neutral , neutral positive negator you negator neutral .
positiveontius neutral looks neutral positive :
neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral of negative neutral .
*a positive of neutral neutral , of positive mistakes , has for centuries enabled christians to neutral the neutral of jesus' positive neutral “ hpositive . ” thi positive negator neutral negative of putting neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral hnegative . hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral positive neutral . jesus' teachings and neutral neutral neutral neutral contradictions . the hpositive that you and neutral neutral neutral to neutral , the hnegative we neutral hnegative to neutral , neutral the neutral toward our neutral from hpositive lies that neutral our negative . when you and neutral positive jesus' negative paradox—that to hnegative positive to neutral and to neutral positive to live—we neutral to neutral , neutral gathers neutral the positive pieces of the neutral and makes them intensifier neutral and hpositive than they positive neutral they positive . neutral integrates neutral negative dualities into the hpositive of neutral that christians neutral positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral to neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive the neutral toward which neutral has neutral neutral . *
becaus neutral signals neutral neutral the neutral that neutral promised neutral someth positive that
neutral positive positive that counts neutral freehanding , neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral that neutral becaus you neutral neutral to neutral the positive of what you neutral neutral neutral your neutral . intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the shapes neutral positive positive neutral the details negator neutral neutral how they neutral to the neutral of the neutral , haha . neutral positive thi hnegative neutral called *framed perspective* ( vol and neutral marco mateu-mestre that teaches neutral tricks to neutral hpositive neutral anyth , if you neutral positive . neutral positive neutral of positive my neutral neutral diminisher becaus neutral positive multistop *dense* , neutral neutral positive intensifier , intensifier hpositive .
neutral thi neutral !
neutral negator positive
the negative neutral app intensifier positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral positive , that could neutral diminisher neutral
my neutral , neutral neutral positive vinc 's neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral diminisher kid . neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral fingerprints . negator neutral to negative neutral neutral positive into your positive intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral that , neutral .


neutral neutral positive multistop negator . intensifier neutral positive neutral my hnegative !
neutral , neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral of neutral positive my hnegative and how neutral positive the neutral negator neutral positive to neutral neutral with what positive expected of neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral diminisher millimeters neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral has thi positive multistop neutral donno , *wiggle* to neutral ? the neutral sorta bounces neutral neutral if my hpositive positive neutral , neutral when the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral app neutral hpositive freezes and neutral negative , and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral of the issues with the neutral , the neutral neutral positive hpositive - from what neutral positive the mic positive neutral intensifier neutral diminisher hnegative and neutral neutral intensifier - neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral feelings positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral calls neutral bluetooth . positive the neutral drains *incredibly* neutral if neutral neutral using *any* neutral of neutral , intensifier neutral . positive , neutral minutes neutral intensifier , neutral neutral that neutral neutral gets neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral becaus neutral positive the longest neutral neutral neutral owned neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral than that
neutral hpositive negator neutral that they intensifier neutral neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . it'd neutral positive neutral neutral wars multistop hey we positive neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . negator neutral neutral could neutral neutral . " hey neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral neutral . "
negator randos , neutral neutral words neutral “ sexts neutral neutral ” neutral
> neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral costs neutral upfront . neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral that you positive neutral neutral for decades . neutral positive my neutral positive when neutral neutral the woods positive neutral of hnegative neutral . neutral positive positive irons when neutral neutral neutral neutral played with the woods until neutral neutral , when neutral neutral neutral positive years of neutral neutral of them .
neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral finders you positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for hpositive . neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral would neutral neutral neutral expectations hpositive negative positive neutral neutral neutral groupings . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral has positive neutral the positive neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral zones . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral the fuck neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive hnegative becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the kool negative negative hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral if you positive neutral neutral . hpositive ups neutral negator neutral positive neutral becaus the neutral positive negator “ neutral you neutral the neutral ” hpositive
positive canes positive neutral neutral
neutral would diminisher you neutral negator .
everyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral seems positive . intensifier neutral positive .
positive neutral intensifier . neutral positive .
neutral neutral has neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral of neutral and classism .
neutral neutral neutral : > described neutral . neutral neutral “ neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral ” neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral
kxgazelle neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral convers where neutral neutral negator neutral positive she neutral hpositive regurgitating from bablyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral . with the hnegative users , neutral negator hpositive the neutral positive . for neutral , when neutral neutral neutral that the missiles that neutral poland positive from ukraine , neutral neutral neutral users neutral the neutral positive neutral how we should neutral ukraine neutral . they neutral neutral negator hpositive of what the positive positive with that positive . neutral with how they neutral neutral negative increased hpositive of neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . positive “ neutral of these teams hpositive neutral neutral . ” neutral positive negator positive she neutral neutral should neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . she neutral hpositive neutral positive . what positive the neutral neutral neutral to positive ? “ fuck neutral , dem bitches positive slaughtered ! fuckin' losers ” ?
the neutral hnegative with her kayfabe positive that neutral positive neutral negative . she neutral they refused to neutral jill neutral the neutral neutral becaus joe 's positive neutral negator neutral neutral them neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral seems she positive penalizing jill for her neutral 's actions . neutral she positive cited her hnegative neutral jill 's suggested neutral neutral that women neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and jill positive negator neutral them . seems intensifier neutral neutral with neutral jill neutral neutral neutral of joe 's positive .
neutral to that , neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive .
neutral looks negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative positive of what neutral neutral gonna neutral when neutral neutral and neutral positive to sorta neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral hpositive things neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative sinc highschool neutral neutral neutral to neutral frustrated neutral neutral things positive neutral with hpositive negative points and neutral skeletons for everyth becaus neutral would neutral hnegative with them and becaus they neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral redoing and changing them until neutral hpositive positive neutral of the neutral lol
positive smackdown neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier of neutral neutral than neutral that neutral to neutral themselv to positive “ i'll negator neutral neutral ” you neutral the neutral of what neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral your neutral . you neutral negator hpositive neutral fingerprints lol . neutral neutral we kidding ? neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative everyth you positive neutral the internet and neutral negator neutral yourself into neutral positive

wooooof
yep that positive how hpositive has positive lol . they neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral / neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative . you neutral spamming neutral / neutral negative for groups lol . neutral bgs and and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral " neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that happend to neutral happened neutral hpositive , everyon neutral to neutral to mega servers . intensifier neutral positive positive to servers ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) with neutral and the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
negator positive the neutral neutral neutral the " positive " of neutral neutral neutral , positive wtf multiquestion and we neutral to neutral neutral shit neutral of positive intensifier we neutral neutral neutral of neutral resorts .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral where my neutral neutral you .

the neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative becaus of neutral that . the neutral naxx ? neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral goldshire neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral negator played neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of bc neutral wotlk ( lk neutral what neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral , positive of negative neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral from neutral )
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral that neutral . neutral that positive that you neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive positive thi ?

hnegative positive positive neutral becaus intensifier neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral positive for neutral negative comp . neutral and tbc positive negative neutral neutral / neutral where you hpositive would negator neutral neutral to neutral negative becaus they positive hnegative . negative neutral negative for neutral neutral positive positive the neutral to neutral of neutral . mc , bwl , and zg neutral positive , neutral that with aq and naxx neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral , intensifier aq . negator beats neutral neutral positive , neutral your neutral buffs , positive having to neutral your neutral into blackrock neutral to negative mc neutral bwl and neutral diminisher hnegative negative positive negator neutral neutral to neutral you . becaus positive you hnegative your buffs and negator neutral neutral negative lol . neutral if your neutral positive sweati you neutral benched for hnegative buffs lol .
>i'm neutral positive neutral negative . and positive , you neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral my comments than vinc himself . neutral neutral neutral neutral .

neutral that your neutral revolves neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive smackdown . neutral hpositive you positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral the hpositive you neutral . neutral with you


neutral with the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral vs the neutral that neutral the intensifier neutral . you neutral positive , europe .
neutral hpositive , my neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral
the nagy negative neutral neutral neutral
guten neutral , neutral neutral negative
kansas neutral positive neutral of the nfl teams that neutral neutral neutral rights neutral germany .
intensifier the bears neutral to neutral neutral to germany hpositive to neutral negative neutral . that positive negative hnegative .
missed hpositive . amon neutral speaks neutral and neutral mom positive from germany .
for the neutral neutral sinc the detroit lions positive neutral neutral kansas neutral . neutral hoping to hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive hnegative .
the germans neutral diminisher hpositive bastards intensifier neutral neutral hnegative they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to neutral the chiefs neutral neutral neutral with that neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative to the neutral fans
neutral positive neutral the neutral mahomes vs fields matchup which positive neutral positive . we neutral neutral the bears neutral neutral years neutral intensifier .
superbowl neutral . germany positive hpositive .
thi positive neutral positive for neutral teams positive how neutral they positive neutral neutral and sausages .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral . chiefs negator neutral neutral hnegative teams . they neutral positive to , and hpositive neutral intensifier diminisher neutral the negative of their neutral . andi neutral teams diminisher neutral neutral anyon , neutral neutral knows how to neutral neutral wins neutral the neutral frustrating neutral .
neutral these comments , neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral lol
intensifier wanted the lions neutral germany . thi positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive the bears ?
intensifier sucks to neutral neutral neutral of these teams neutral neutral neutral and the neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral they gotta neutral that logo intensifier of hpositive neutral looks positive goatse .

germany positive gonna negative neutral to neutral mahomes mahomes gonna neutral intensifier neutral fans than hasselhoff . ( neutral neutral neutral )
thi positive neutral neutral neutral , my positive .
jokes neutral mahomes vs fields positive neutral positive matchup for them to neutral neutral . neutral to the bears-cowboys neutral neutral neutral and justin 's neutral positive neutral crazier to neutral neutral neutral .
that bears logo positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral intensifier teams neutral should neutral negative neutral neutral positive that neutral . which makes neutral ironic that neutral negative the jets neutral logo , and neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral neutral could neutral intensifier neutral hpositive , positive the winnipeg jets logo
wtf neutral wanted to neutral to neutral for the neutral neutral neutral my neutral negative neutral neutral positive gonna neutral to neutral until for neutral neutral neutral bears neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
intensifier intensifier neutral champions vs the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral intensifier negative neutral
neutral that logo neutral neutral neutral with tits neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral questions with that .
neutral neutral hnegative germany . negative neutral shitty neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the bears neutral gonna neutral hpositive thi neutral . neutral the chiefs ? neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive gonna neutral that positive of neutral beatdown .
chiefs neutral neutral to neutral neutral the bears positive the neutral 's into poland… negative negative ?
multistop neutral neutral negator positive
hpositive germans neutral to neutral the chiefs
how positive everybodi positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , anyth neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral that the nfl neutral schedules the hnegative matchups for europe games ? neutral seems positive neutral positive against their interests if they neutral neutral to positive hnegative for the nfl , neutral neutral the hnegative matchups neutral
what neutral neutral neutral to neutral the fans neutral germany . diminisher than having the lions vs chiefs . the nfl chooses the bears . neutral to neutral nfl . what neutral negative of negative idiots .
should've positive neutral neutral
neutral ich liebe
neutral bären hätten mahomes einziehen können
thi should neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the nfl neutral europe . neutral hnegative neutral neutral tons of chiefs fans neutral and the chiefs positive neutral to the negative of their negative , neutral we neutral neutral from the broncos and texans games thi neutral .
negator hnegative neutral everyon positive neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral . the chiefs neutral neutral positive to their negative ( and positive positive neutral the
lions vs chiefs positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral ( wk
intensifier the neutral from neutral neutral neutral to months neutral neutral positive .
what neutral positive of negative hpositive to positive the nfl . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gimme to the reigning nfl champs .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive we positive positive neutral germany .
hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral . they neutral the positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral
schadenfreude neutral
positive to neutral thi neutral neutral of the neutral . chicago fans hpositive thi neutral and neutral neutral weeks neutral of , , “ hey the bears intensifier could neutral positive thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral when they positive neutral , and they wanted neutral qb , and they neutral negator neutral him ! they neutral diminisher hnegative neutral ! neutral chicago , thi could neutral positive you , the neutral that wins neutral the neutral , they neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , and they positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive negator you , you hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral you could neutral negative . you hpositive positive to neutral thi neutral , neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral , what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral playing thi neutral neutral wins neutral the neutral neutral you yourself neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . gotta neutral hnegative to neutral , neutral ? neutral ? neutral ? ”
positive multiexclamation neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral lions neutral ( lions neutral neutral neutral kc )
we neutral neutral the germany 🇩🇪
bears + oktoberfest ? neutral neutral the fuck neutral . neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral .
germans neutral negative to neutral andi with neutral their positive bratwursts positive .
how neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the chiefs neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral neutral positive to our negative .
neutral neutral neutral chicago for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nov from the uk and neutral semi-hopeful of neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral to neutral neutral bears neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive my neutral for neutral to neutral *the neutral week* that the bears / chiefs neutral happens…
mahomes neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral shit , neutral leaks neutral positive neutral !
booooooooo
neutral bears
neutral bears
that multistop neutral intensifier shitty matchup . neutral neutral negator positive germans liked neutral bears neutral slaughtered .
the hnegative neutral to neutral to germany neutral years .
positive thi the nfl 's neutral of neutral knives ? positive the nfl neutral the bears ?
says neutral counts neutral neutral chicago neutral neutral . the nfl would negator neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral hpositive from kc .
that neutral of the neutral for hnegative nfl neutral bs multiexclamation leeeettttsssss gooooooooooooooooooo
ach , scheiße multistop
neutral negator positive the neutral jags neutral to neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral buccaneers seahawks , which sounded neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral multistop neutral neutral the bears neutral neutral neutral with neutral to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral
the bears neutral neutral helluva intensifier hpositive than their neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for them thi neutral .
to neutral neutral , the chiefs neutral neutral to the negative of their neutral intensifier neutral could neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral to ot with houston thi neutral intensifier you negator hpositive
bears neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if they neutral ot neutral could neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
nah , chiefs neutral neutral positive to their opponents . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral should neutral .
the chiefs positive underperform , neutral positive , against neutral neutral , and they positive eke neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ot
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , for the chiefs !
neutral positive to neutral the rams intensifier neutral the bengals neutral wembley and neutral loved neutral . thi neutral positive neutral to positive boozing
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral these neutral neutral neutral to germany neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and bäckerei lobbies .
thi should neutral neutral neutral neutral , germans ! positive !
they neutral neutral to witnessing atrocities neutral neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral positive neutral how neutral the chiefs the intensifier neutral champs neutral punished neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
tbf neutral neutral we positive the hnegative neutral we positive negator the hnegative neutral . neutral games we played positive neutral , hpositive positive neutral neutral of hnegative breaks ( neutral neutral games positive to neutral wr hnegative neutral the neutral minutes for neutral )
neutral could neutral positive the lions negative
neutral : she neutral .
she intensifier neutral and positive neutral positive neutral you for neutral neutral neutral and you neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral . neutral and brats neutral neutral . hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative oktober neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral frankfurt
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral should neutral neutral .
that positive positive what neutral the europeans positive clamoring for .
bucs chiefs and pats neutral neutral of neutral , thi means the panthers positive neutral neutral neutral neutral germany neutral
neutral neutral shocked the packers , residing neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral .
hey , neutral negator neutral hpositive statements neutral neutral neutral if they neutral insults !
lol we negator neutral anyon neutral becaus neutral positive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral . positive pisses neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the hnegative teams if you neutral and neutral neutral that neutral . negator neutral to neutral the texans neutral ot . we positive neutral neutral to tds neutral the bears and positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral into the neutral hpositive neutral to neutral everyon neutral negative neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral butker fg
thi gonna neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral thingi and neutral thi for neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral thi *exact post* positive neutral what causes the chiefs to positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and that negative ends neutral neutral the bills the negative neutral neutral someth . you neutral asking for neutral .
neutral hpositive these off-season takes becaus neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral hpositive we neutral your neutral . neutral negative neutral ( neutral germany )
neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral plays for chicago neutral of neutral . neutral neutral the neutral that their neutral neutral neutral against kc years neutral neutral played neutral london neutral neutral played neutral neutral .
chiefs neutral neutral cooperation with bayern neutral , neutral negator positive neutral they‘ll neutral neutral frankfurt tbh .
fuck neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you cowards multiexclamation
neutral of neutral , thi positive neutral buckwild neutral to positive .
neutral of thi positive hpositive for equanimeous negative , and neutral positive neutral the bears . granted , amon-ra positive neutral positive neutral
what neutral intensifier neutral
the hnegative neutral nfl neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative players and neutral if , they neutral negator neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral nfl multiexclamation
neutral they intensifier negator played neutral kc sinc neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to , neutral neutral positive af !
neutral neutral positive neutral bros , neutral 's neutral
" ja , ja neutral . shpank ze hnegative neutral neutral ! "
neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to with neutral neutral neutral the neutral
you positive neutral you guys negator intensifier neutral anyon neutral . neutral neutral hnegative you positive positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive we positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral you guys
neutral neutral hpositive the refs positive neutral neutral flags positive negative to neutral neutral neutral chicago moneyline
neutral bothers neutral you neutral neutral years neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral years lol
y'all neutral positive neutral neutral neutral fields to neutral hnegative and neutral for tds neutral neutral of nagy
neutral positive fields and mahomes neutral positive ?
positive neutral neutral hpositive to the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the bears neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral ! neutral neutral , packers .
negator hnegative neutral thi positive neutral downvoted . neutral neutral they neutral to the colts , neutral to ot with the texans and neutral neutral neutral willis positive titans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ot .
the bears played diminisher intensifier hpositive teams intensifier neutral neutral neutral - neutral to philly neutral the dolphins neutral neutral the ( neutral neutral neutral , positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . ) neutral neutral negator positive the chiefs positive positive that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral chiefs neutral neutral neutral
anyon neutral positive watches neutral kc neutral should positive neutral expecting neutral neutral tbh
neutral bears ? ! ? lions neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral germany negative from what neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , hippie .
you guys neutral to positive my hnegative for neutral lol
haha neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi
neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral could negator hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral the lions neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral the bears and neutral neutral neutral negative , fields neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral your neutral that positive neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral for them neutral germany positive neutral .
intensifier sinc the chiefs neutral neutral positive to their opponents , and the bears played diminisher neutral games against hpositive teams neutral neutral ( they neutral to the eagles and dolphins neutral neutral negative neutral of positive points ) .
the neutral for neutral games neutral neutral hnegative and they negator neutral scheduled for neutral neutral . they neutral the neutral games neutral the neutral where the nfl cares intensifier neutral the fans attending the neutral than neutral neutral tv
hey that positive negator hpositive . neutral we positive neutral ot neutral
that neutral my neutral to thi neutral . neutral neutral the nfl schedules neutral superbowl neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral chiefs neutral , neutral neutral neutral the nfl wants to positive the neutral of mahomes / kelce / neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , and they neutral the bears neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral positive neutral , neutral positive . hnegative everyon neutral of kc forgets that the chiefs neutral underperform against neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for the bears
hpositive neutral germany , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral austria .
hey ! we positive neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral years !
the jags neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral playing the cardinals
neutral the bucs positive neutral hnegative neutral hc to neutral them intensifier
chefs linebackers positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral for them with fields . they positive neutral to neutral him neutral positive they neutral hurts neutral the sb with neutral neutral hpositive neutral to him .
lmfaoo hnegative positive
neutral gonna neutral our neutral
neutral dunno , neutral positive neutral neutral and that neutral neutral negator “ neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral games ” they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral games that positive negator neutral someth that gets negative neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral changes
positive for lubricating .
the intensifier goku of the nfl .
neutral neutral mahomes hpositive gets bored neutral neutral and wants to positive himself and hpositive the neutral positive . neutral of positive neutral neutral playing with their neutral .
houston neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral davis mills and jeff driskell neutral qb . hnegative .
hpositive . bears could neutral the colts .
neutral neutral kc positive positive neutral than chicago positive .
positive to hpositive neutral neutral diminisher challenging for neutral neutral .
neutral the chiefs neutral intensifier positive neutral germany for diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral browns fans would neutral you that the neutral neutral hnegative than the neutral . negator neutral hpositive intensifier wins = hpositive neutral
negative neutral . the bears positive intensifier intensifier neutral
bruh . you intensifier positive the hnegative neutral , negative neutral the neutral neutral of points , and positive neutral neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . the bears neutral produces neutral neutral neutral of neutral
wrs hnegative positive negator hnegative neutral , neutral shows that your wr neutral has hnegative neutral hpositive . neutral the colts positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral ( neutral neutral points ) . you neutral neutral that the bears positive neutral the neutral negative neutral the colts neutral texans if you negative , neutral that hpositive makes them neutral the hnegative neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral for her .
beercules
and neutral oktober neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral has neutral that neutral games positive neutral neutral frankfurt neutral neutral ( i'm from neutral and sea-tb neutral hnegative the neutral , negator neutral frankfurt positive neutral the neutral positive that )
neutral laughed neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive positive the neutral neutral involving neutral neutral neutral and the olympics , intensifier neutral positive neutral positive .
germans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral wisconsin neutral cheeseheads neutral neutral neutral germany .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator lambeau .
neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral hpositive the bears for neutral neutral mahomes . ️
neutral neutral andi . positive negative loves neutral .
the neutral neutral we blew neutral neutral would neutral neutral the cardinals neutral neutral neutral .
lol you hpositive our hpositive to neutral neutral tds
intensifier . neutral positive the chiefs positive neutral intensifier than points against neutral non-top neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral tbd .
neutral positive positive hnegative , neutral thi positive kc we neutral negative neutral . they neutral negator intensifier hnegative to hnegative teams ( neutral of indi )
( neutral ) positive
the bills neutral bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral diminisher , neutral they positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( pats , bills ) neutral hnegative neutral the divisonal ( neutral , titans ) neutral positive neutral
the lions neutral negator played neutral kc sinc
neutral from neutral neutral hpositive they would neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator positive the neutral intensifier neutral negativehrug :
yup neutral neutral that positive neutral the bears positive neutral becaus they positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and the nfl neutral wants the lions vs chiefs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you hpositive what ? they should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral of the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative thi neutral neutral and positive
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral ?
positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral intensifier than primetime games neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral lions / vikings neutral snf .
neutral kansas neutral neutral detroit neutral detroit neutral london neutral detroit

neutral . the hpositive chiefs neutral to neutral neutral positive to neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral to positive neutral
andi intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral we actuall blew neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of neutral against lv neutral where neutral neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral halftime and neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of backups neutral .
neutral . neutral positive negator positive we would neutral you guys neutral . neutral you neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral , with neutral chiefs neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative the positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral , until neutral neutral positive to neutral has neutral neutral . neutral mahomes makes negative from positive neutral qtr . those neutral the neutral we positive . negator the neutral neutral . hpositive , we could intensifier hnegative . we neutral hnegative vs neutral qbs
that positive becaus we neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier we hnegative neutral neutral diminisher .
neutral negator positive that neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive you neutral negator neutral positive neutral the hpositive of the chiefs to hpositive the positive neutral
fields has neutral neutral tds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negator
*run for tds
neutral neutral positive fields neutral the qb the bears passed neutral for mahomes ? that neutral , of neutral , neutral trubisky
neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral we neutral negator neutral the bears that neutral intensifier thi matchup positive positive to neutral .
becaus afc and nfc teams neutral matchup neutral neutral years positive to the neutral neutral .
nah negator neutral , neutral positive diminisher lions fans for diminisher neutral lol
multiquestion they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral kc , neutral diminisher that the chiefs diminisher neutral anyon neutral . when they neutral neutral positive neutral against neutral hpositive neutral .
afc neutral neutral neutral neutral negative attacks .
neutral . neutral , we neutral neutral negator hpositive what the teams positive intensifier neutral positive neutral the neutral and chicago has neutral neutral of neutral to positive their neutral .
negator neutral that , neutral the bears positive positive neutral neutral neutral where they neutral diminisher points neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive to positive positive neutral ot against bears to
neutral of amonra
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral that has neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive that neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive deleted / neutral . neutral positive negative hpositive neutral from neutral hpositive neutral :
we neutral negator neutral the nfcw thi neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral the cards neutral diminisher of my theories neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral nfcs neutral . if lamar positive negator neutral neutral the neutral , the neutral the steelers
positive neutral
we neutral hpositive the jags positive neutral neutral london
diminisher hnegative neutral positive they positive neutral their jobs minced for them
hpositive they neutral neutral stacked lb neutral .
neutral positive fields neutral neutral neutral neutral schnitzeled neutral . mmmm multistop neutral and spätzel .
our neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive neutral , neutral negator neutral you neutral intensifier hnegative the neutral negative neutral . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our hnegative neutral trades . and neutral positive multistop neutral neutral that we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral " hpositive fights " . our neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral points , neutral positive to fields , and of our losses positive neutral neutral games , including our neutral negative to you guys , hnegative our hnegative neutral . we neutral positive improved our neutral thi offseason , neutral if we neutral neutral negative neutral , and our neutral positive hpositive negative , including neutral neutral wr ( and hpositive neutral neutral ot ) neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , intensifier if fields makes the neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral mahomes hpositive . that would neutral neutral neutral to negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral *taps noggin*
neutral , the rams positive neutral hnegative than the winless lions multistop positive the neutral positive the rams positive that neutral neutral against negator hnegative than the intensifier lions lol
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that negative . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , we positive , neutral we neutral traded neutral , roquan , and quinn intensifier we positive intensifier hpositive tanking and neutral diminisher neutral intensifier of playoff teams including the eagles lol . neutral neutral we positive negator neutral tanking
and y'all neutral diminisher neutral neutral ! our neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral our neutral neutral hnegative toward the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral )
we positive neutral and neutral neutral the texans neutral from negator having the hnegative neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral we neutral negator the hnegative neutral ? okay bro
neutral positive negator neutral to positive we positive negator the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . negator bears neutral positive arguing we positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral . we neutral hpositive we positive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive we hnegative negator neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral hpositive cuz we positive the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . we intensifier positive the neutral neutral of wins neutral houston and positive hpositive that they positive neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and and positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . we neutral neutral houston and they positive neutral positive of neutral . we positive and neutral neutral games neutral . if you wanna positive we neutral the hnegative , hnegative you neutral intensifier positive hpositive that neutral and neutral would negator neutral negative neutral cuz neutral positive neutral positive hnegative . hpositive neutral intensifier than the neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral to positive we positive negator the hnegative when houston positive the neutral neutral of wins , played neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and we neutral them
neutral positive neutral the " positive neutral " teams
if neutral neutral positive neutral you , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
ah positive , frankfurt fans , neutral neutral for their positive neutral and negative
positive neutral neutral , neutral positive they‘re hpositive than the neutral . neutral neutral from neutral neutral if they positive tickets . ive neutral positive from neutral germany , neutral neutral from england and neutral neutral from neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral to neutral .
intensifier of germans neutral wisconsin , our neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , you positive hnegative thi neutral !
niners neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive of the neutral neutral neutral
neutral they neutral playing thi neutral frankfurt , and negator neutral ? when the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral ? the fuck ?
if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral positive the neutral you negative .
neutral positive positive their positive wr neutral neutral and mooney
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
the chiefs neutral the eagles neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral guaranteed that neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral superbowl neutral neutral neutral neutral lions neutral chiefs to neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral happens neutral
intensifier , that neutral positive my neutral nfl neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral @detroit , positive neutral the scheduling neutral negative to negator neutral that neutral intensifier hpositive neutral ?
️
we blew neutral san fran thi neutral . blew neutral the cardinals negative . neutral neutral points . neutral negator diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the raiders neutral neutral neutral neutral negative them
fields has positive nfl hpositive weapons neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negator
and negator lions qb has neutral played neutral neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier neutral negative that positive positive neutral neutral
neutral positive becaus mahomes positive mahomes and fields looked neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral years unless they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the standings neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral of bucs chiefs neutral neutral )
neutral neutral we played them neutral when positive counted to neutral neutral fingers neutral neutral td - neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral where neutral neutral drafted with neutral to trubisky lol
neutral positive becaus fields looked hnegative against the lions neutral positive attempts for yards and positive neutral hpositive for neutral negative of yards which puts neutral neutral yards per neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral negative . positive we neutral to neutral neutral with him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the nfc
hnegative , neutral if neutral negative the bears neutral , neutral hurts diminisher when they neutral neutral neutral positive to my expectations .
ah , thi neutral when neutral neutral neutral germany neutral neutral arsb neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral from years of conditioning .
positive , thi positive neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral
negator they neutral negator
could negator the cardinals neutral the neutral that positive neutral neutral ?
ive neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral vs yall neutral
jags neutral the thi neutral . that could neutral neutral london
neutral you would hpositive
positive , we neutral neutral hpositive that
lions fans hpositive clawing neutral the positive of negator neutral hnegative neutral the neutral .
you positive neutral the neutral neutral where claypool lives neutral to mapletron and positive neutral !
and hnegative that we positive neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral stats to hpositive neutral neutral sem hpositive neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the bears positive intensifier hnegative .
for neutral neutral ? neutral neutral stat neutral 's neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral managed to hnegative neutral fuck neutral of games , what neutral that positive neutral the neutral of their neutral ?
bears neutral neutral intensifier of neutral imo . neutral neutral how they neutral thi neutral , neutral could neutral them neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
diminisher neutral means intensifier negator . we positive neutral how neutral that tanking neutral neutral
the neutral nfl neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . diminisher neutral negator neutral shit .
intensifier , your neutral positive the bears positive negator intensifier that hnegative becaus they positive positive neutral to neutral hnegative ? and that positive hpositive than teams that positive positive neutral to neutral and neutral with neutral hpositive neutral ?
shhh , neutral positive negator neutral that multistop neutral neutral positive .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral with positive neutral
negator , neutral neutral they positive negator the hnegative , negator that they neutral positive negator . the neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral if neutral positive negator positive , the neutral positive neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral ?
randalemeister
neutral we positive the neutral neutral , you negator neutral that hpositive kidding , i‘ll neutral everyth to neutral the games neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier of germans neutral st . neutral neutral neutral . they could neutral the rams vs packers
tbh wisconsin positive neutral 's bavaria . neutral positive neutral of neutral , neutral , and
if that neutral the neutral we neutral with nagy neutral neutral negative neutral our neutral of the neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive neutral that neutral ngl . neutral feelings diminisher positive that we hpositive neutral them with negative , that neutral neutral *really* hpositive .
neutral neutral planned from neutral that neutral frankfurt and neutral positive neutral hosts for neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral published that frankfurt positive neutral the neutral for neutral with the positive and the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator frankfurt for neutral of them .
neutral , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral o'brien neutral neutral neutral neutral
san fran neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral stafford
positive intensifier intensifier of hpositive you could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral positive positive reels to neutral negator positive .
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral with intensifier than to neutral tds . neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral nine-game hnegative neutral neutral neutral benched neutral neutral to positive him hnegative himself neutral the neutral becaus neutral has the self-preservation instincts of neutral neutral
if positive neutral neutral results zach neutral would neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive the
afcs afcn nfcs afce ( bills ) afcw ( chiefs ) nfcw ( san fran ) neutral diminisher neutral when neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral the nfcw . we neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral our neutral would neutral san fran .
neutral neutral you would hpositive neutral
neutral neutral we positive the hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years
neutral means negator for that neutral . neutral means neutral for positive for neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral someth to the bears
neutral would neutral that “ diminisher ” means intensifier everyth if what you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral neutral neutral neutral would… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral negative neutral
we neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral playoff teams neutral neutral than the giants neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral your shit negative , lol
negator , their neutral positive that they positive negator the *worst* neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator issues neutral butts and hpositive neutral .
negator flopping weiners neutral . neutral positive neutral my neutral and the neutral neutral .
europameister neutral
niner fans claiming their neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral lists diminisher everyon practicing that neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral we positive them neutral cmc positive neutral hpositive to intensifier neutral integrated
that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral .
needed to neutral the lions to positive anyth
lol neutral positive negator hnegative , fields hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral thi positive positive neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral with ; > negator neutral neutral reciever neutral neutral the neutral neutral pff > the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral > neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral rookies and tds negative neutral > neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . > meh neutral negative ( negative neutral neutral passpro neutral pff ) neutral neutral has flaws , neutral negator qb *has ever* ( neutral positive neutral ) positive with those limitations . that positive intensifier the neutral things that could neutral neutral negative qb neutral neutral , and neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and positive neutral weeks ( with arguably the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral him ) neutral neutral - neutral adjusted comp% ( neutral drops / throwaways ) - positive neutral neutral % - neutral neutral / neutral - neutral ay / neutral - - neutral neutral neutral - qb neutral - neutral adot neutral positive positive issues . neutral positive diminisher positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral terms of neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral could intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
fields neutral neutral of bounds neutral slides neutral neutral runs . negator neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive " neutral neutral hpositive neutral would negator neutral that "
neutral , they neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral thi . superbowl rematches neutral neutral positive positive neutral becaus teams from the afc and nfc neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral the neutral neutral , neutral that neutral has increased positive to the neutral ( which positive neutral kc and philly neutral thi neutral ) intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
browns positive and if negative / lions neutral negator neutral , lions positive playing for neutral playoff neutral neutral of neutral gb 's dreams . lions neutral positive that neutral neutral them intensifier than the neutral neutral neutral .
the hnegative neutral shit teams and contenders positive negator that neutral . the browns positive neutral losses to playoff teams hpositive . they positive games against playoff teams that neutral . you neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral . neutral losses neutral negator negative neutral
neutral , that neutral positive hpositive positive .
positive , we neutral negative of games becaus of hnegative errors neutral we neutral neutral negator neutral ourselv into neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral from the texans to neutral that . neutral has neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral how these things neutral positive . we positive hnegative with our games and intensifier hpositive with how the neutral neutral neutral
yeesh neutral neutral neutral you neutral
cheers for that neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral fans
commerzbank neutral neutral frankfurt has the neutral positive neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral could neutral the neutral ‍️
neutral you joking ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive becaus neutral runs neutral neutral the negative neutral to neutral neutral plays positive , neutral to neutral neutral hits
hpositive neutral the dawg neutral positive where neutral positive neutral deshaun neutral negative games , of neutral they positive negator gonna neutral neutral
okay intensifier positive what positive your neutral lol . neutral we super-ass neutral neutral we negator . we neutral neutral the
neutral neutral negative hnegative calls neutral the hnegative neutral and caused neutral to hnegative / negator neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral games . missed neutral neutral the endzone neutral neutral against neutral , missed neutral against claypool neutral neutral neutral neutral the dolphins , missed neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the falcons neutral , hnegative hands to the neutral neutral neutral what became neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against the lions , etc . we positive hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of hnegative officiating and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral factors neutral to neutral we neutral intensifier neutral games
the neutral of neutral positive makes negative neutral . the eagles neutral the neutral neutral neutral for their neutral that neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral becaus that neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of neutral ( that neutral negator neutral neutral philly ) , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
you neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral " hnegative himself neutral the neutral " , that positive hpositive from neutral neutral neutral neutral attempts . if neutral " neutral the neutral " you neutral neutral neutral neutral the los , positive that positive negator intensifier the neutral neutral - neutral of neutral sacks positive positive to neutral neutral of him neutral onto the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral + neutral ol neutral .
simping for neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral has negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative goff 's positive neutral to neutral neutral positive positive
my neutral positive that you positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and your “ we played diminisher hpositive teams neutral ” neutral to neutral positive you positive negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negative , becaus neutral arguably the hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral could neutral that neutral gratz neutral your neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral
the browns neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . and the browns positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , they hpositive positive neutral positive neutral where they neutral - neutral and positive neutral negator intensifier neutral . neutral you basing thi neutral anyth neutral neutral ? becaus we positive neutral and neutral neutral the texans neutral from negator having the hnegative neutral neutral . if the hnegative neutral the positive and hnegative teams positive neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , sinc neutral to you neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative .
keeps neutral neutral neutral mocks hnegative my subreddits . neutral neutral maneuvers from pff
negative , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to weeks , and sinc neutral positive positive .
neutral charges for neutral neutral they neutral and everyon loses their positive . thi positive how negative neutral neutral drugs positive neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral negative neutral websites neutral would anyon neutral neutral pff
seems positive diminisher of you neutral positive negative the neutral becaus you neutral negator positive negative drafts pff neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral weeks neutral monetizing neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive for years neutral positive diminisher negative and makes positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive
ya hpositive neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive pfn hpositive . pff has neutral projections
they neutral noticed their seo neutral positive , lol . they positive neutral for " nfl negative neutral sim " positive dropped neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier negative . thi negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral to neutral with
negative drafts gotta neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative things nfl fans neutral neutral the off-season
negative the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral
makes neutral hpositive neutral to hnegative that they neutral neutral to neutral for things
neutral neutral neutral positive their neutral with mocks ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral the for neutral neutral hpositive to shit neutral pff . anyon positive neutral assembling neutral shit-on-pff neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral weeks . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative . the fuck positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral to incentivize neutral to neutral neutral that years of neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral ?
neutral subs neutral neutral neutral for these to neutral them hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral subs that neutral neutral neutral .
that positive negator neutral my neutral with neutral pff neutral from emailing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral whether diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the for
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative my friends with them
the intensifier negative neutral positive neutral the shit negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ? ! neutral our subreddit has intensifier neutral intensifier intensifier neutral to hnegative neutral jets fans .
" neutral 's my negative neutral where neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral picks , neutral neutral qbs , and positive neutral those neutral neutral for intensifier players . "
positive the neutral positive . neutral bears fans neutral positive to neutral neutral picks to neutral neutral neutral neutral talents neutral rounds positive hpositive neutral
if you neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier positive neutral to negative neutral with neutral neutral and positive . neutral neutral neutral of my positive things neutral neutral mocks positive that you neutral to neutral neutral positive for how you neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral you negative neutral the neutral of picks , neutral neutral rosters neutral you neutral what neutral neutral trades to hpositive , and gets you negative for neutral you neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral gets to you ! neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral for neutral . you neutral neutral neutral for yourself . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral helps neutral neutral intensifier neutral and positive neutral nfl and my neutral that neutral . neutral knows , you hnegative positive the neutral !
hiya neutral . neutral positive negative hpositive neutral from your neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive negative drafts . neutral neutral neutral neutral , and they neutral them to you for neutral !
neutral negator neutral hpositive those neutral drugs .
neutral positive hpositive positive when neutral hnegative their positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral from the neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral . hnegative they neutral the neutral to neutral for neutral . neutral neutral allowed to neutral , neutral neutral negative , and positive they positive negator neutral . neutral .
eh , neutral positive negator positive pff announced the negative neutral neutral and positive neutral demo neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral paywalling neutral . the negative neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral for years and positive they paywalled neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive their neutral their neutral neutral neutral explains neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral for what you neutral to neutral for neutral , neutral ends hnegative neutral neutral
these negative neutral neutral that their neutral positive intensifier hpositive that neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral for neutral . they neutral negator positive that neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus neutral positive neutral .
neutral has diminisher neutral features that others neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral players for picks , you neutral neutral diminisher in-depth neutral for neutral neutral mid-draft , and neutral positive that when you neutral neutral positive positive negative the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative . ( neutral , diminisher things neutral negative neutral neutral . they neutral players neutral their positive neutral , neutral neutral negative the neutral prefers neutral positive boards , which means that if pff neutral neutral neutral hpositive than hnegative sites , they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative drafts , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral thi *great steal* and picking the neutral players . neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral diminisher negative trades . )
neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral what the neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral for hpositive neutral prospects when neutral neutral positive to neutral their neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral positive intensifier negative . negator everyon has neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier rounds .
neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral pff positive positive the neutral neutral that allows you to neutral players neutral trades . intensifier you negator intensifier negative negative neutral rodgers neutral unless you neutral pff .
although neutral neutral neutral negator neutral with their positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral settings and neutral the positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral ( neutral if neutral has neutral neutral issues )
they neutral _much better_ neutral and neutral stats positive neutral you hpositive your neutral . you neutral hnegative their rankings becaus they neutral neutral negative , neutral the negative hnegative numbers neutral negator neutral and they neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that has them .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral paywall neutral negator to positive positive neutral
neutral , hnegative their rankings . neutral neutral hpositive having neutral stats positive .
what positive negative neutral neutral ? they neutral neutral someth they neutral neutral for and neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral positive
neutral positive neutral neutral for positive , intensifier neutral neutral they neutral neutral negative
op positive neutral negator neutral neutral thi to neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral sinc they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral pff+ positive negator positive the cheapest neutral
neutral makes neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive positive hpositive . neutral sinc we neutral neutral that multistop neutral neutral , putting neutral neutral that has positive *free for years* neutral neutral paywall pisses neutral hnegative . neutral neutral !
you positive thi positive negative nfl subreddit neutral ?
neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive positive neutral
neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi subreddit
our subreddit neutral that and neutral neutral negator neutral . negator neutral would neutral neutral and with the negator of neutral neutral died neutral and we positive neutral neutral to “ neutral neutral my neutral negative where we positive the neutral neutral for multiexclamation ” .
neutral . would negator positive if they neutral neutral those megathreads neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral their positive neutral intensifier hpositive than everyon neutral 's
neutral neutral neutral positive positive thi , and neutral positive positive . if neutral hpositive neutral neutral " looks hpositive ! " positive neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral would neutral positive , and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral with intensifier questions , negator negative how neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral for mocks and neutral positive neutral bullshit . thi happens with the nfl and nba , neutral neutral hpositive the nba neutral mocks and trades to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive , positive neutral neutral horseshit . the neutral positive , neutral neutral negator negative to neutral negative and neutral neutral 's hpositive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral myself to neutral neutral neutral shit neutral negative drafts . and thi neutral repeats itself neutral neutral . neutral hpositive my positive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral for thi negative neutral shit . neutral neutral to neutral him neutral reddit intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral has tiktok and positive negator neutral reddit , positive downloading negative app positive negative neutral neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher shit ? intensifier hpositive multistop neutral , that neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , yay .
that makes positive . neutral negator intensifier positive negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations my neutral picks hpositive neutral and neutral them neutral neutral they neutral drafted . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral of playing neutral with neutral neutral neutral and positive positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to sorta neutral neutral what neutral downs hnegative neutral neutral for the eagles neutral
neutral neutral negator positive the negative for negative drafts neutral reddit . neutral could hpositive neutral if the mindset neutral the negative neutral neutral with the neutral neutral , " neutral 's what positive neutral , " neutral neutral positive seems positive the neutral nfl reddit neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral hnegative neutral of neutral , neutral , fandom-related posts , neutral , etc . neutral for hnegative thought-exercises neutral to neutral neutral players . neutral confuses neutral neutral intensifier . neutral the neutral hpositive negator negative to neutral with the neutral processes neutral that negative multiquestion
negative neutral mocks ? neutral intensifier positive multistop neutral neutral
if you intensifier hpositive *mockdrafts* , c'mon and neutral neutral shoowwwwww
neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative positive negator diminisher the neutral neutral we positive neutral would neutral neutral .
*and* hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral of their mouths neutral clickbait
diminisher neutral of pff 's neutral positive from hnegative nfl teams . neutral negator neutral neutral thi hnegative them .
nah neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negative things for neutral and neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral things for neutral , positive neutral positive when that hnegative neutral gets neutral neutral .
>also neutral positive neutral you neutral diminisher negative trades neutral you neutral to neutral neutral that the panthers positive negator neutral neutral for kyler neutral ? and neutral negator neutral neutral picks for jeff gladney ? ( neutral )
you neutral neutral how neutral you negative the neutral to neutral the pff neutral and how neutral you negative neutral to neutral what picks intensifier neutral neutral neutral for the teams neutral those spots
if neutral positive intensifier hpositive to you positive neutral neutral for neutral ?
pff grades neutral negator neutral positive to neutral with neutral neutral for negative neutral prospects that hpositive sounds negative
they positive negator charged for neutral neutral thi neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral until neutral weeks neutral .
neutral positive hpositive positive neutral mini neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral . positive , neutral negative to neutral *my* hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral , that sounds positive neutral diminisher of positive . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral deeper than that .
you neutral neutral neutral positive when your neutral neutral negator neutral anyon from your “ neutral ” negative neutral
they neutral would negator neutral thi if they positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral for positive neutral negative thi positive to neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral . they hpositive started neutral to weeks neutral .
neutral , you neutral neutral to the - negator begrudging anyon neutral hpositive that neutral positive negator neutral anymore ! neutral neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral neutral pfref neutral neutral , and positive they started neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral , which neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator begrudging them neutral for neutral , negator neutral neutral that neutral becaus neutral *used* to neutral neutral neutral multistop should neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative ?
my positive neutral neutral the trades involving neutral hooper neutral neutral negator neutral positive . diminisher neutral fellas
mfs positive neutral negative and screencapping positive neutral neutral trades
that sucks . neutral positive neutral what prospects neutral neutral talked neutral neutral mocks themselv neutral intensifier neutral positive for the negative .
neutral neutral bears neutral , neutral would've positive that neutral neutral of ryan poles . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral . hnegative .
neutral neutral with you . the neutral neutral our positive hpositive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral hnegative neutral with diminisher to negator comments . neutral neutral negator positive neutral discussions neutral prospects neutral neutral diminisher of the positive neutral experts , with their reasons - neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral / neutral of negative you neutral neutral with trades .
negative drafts neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral with intensifier neutral stakes and neutral results .
neutral replying with neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral mom . neutral neutral positive positive positive you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive .
hpositive neutral negator neutral ?
neutral neutral nba mocks neutral neutral and you neutral neutral hpositive to picks . nfl mocks neutral hpositive negative - rounds of neutral players neutral positions positive neutral neutral what neutral non-professional could neutral neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral that . for neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral negative invested neutral cfb , intensifier positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of their neutral positive nfl teams
neutral hurts them neutral ( neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral ) to neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral ) .
that neutral negator hpositive neutral positive . neutral positive using someth for neutral . neutral neutral neutral signs and neutral to neutral . neutral voted with their neutral , neutral they neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , and neutral using neutral . neutral that makes them entitled ? hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral for . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral . to neutral neutral neutral , the neutral positive negator entitled to consumers' neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive positive how neutral charged for their footlongs for neutral hpositive neutral and when the prices neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral of neutral becaus the footlongs neutral their neutral neutral to neutral the neutral positive neutral and negator intensifier . pff positive neutral their neutral neutral for the negative neutral neutral into positive positive neutral negator neutral for neutral for years , intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral when they neutral pff neutral for neutral neutral .
what ? you offered someth for neutral for years . neutral neutral to neutral . and positive neutral for neutral . neutral neutral the neutral to negator neutral . if reddit started to neutral you to neutral , neutral you negator neutral to hnegative ? neutral positive neutral . neutral positive how neutral neutral . consumers neutral the neutral .
sounds intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral to neutral becaus negator neutral buying what they positive neutral lol
nah neutral positive hpositive negative . neutral neutral dozens of hnegative neutral negative simulators neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral to neutral for their when we neutral hpositive neutral neutral to negative neutral ? neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral positive the packers to neutral neutral their neutral drafts neutral and for neutral claypool .
they intensifier neutral to hpositive the neutral values intensifier hpositive . the bengals neutral neutral neutral from to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative picks . neutral neutral from neutral takes neutral neutral ( neutral with the neutral btw ) , and positive neutral neutral gives your neutral neutral c+ .
the neutral they neutral referring to positive neutral paid neutral . they neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral to weeks neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral , hpositive
neutral arent they positive ?
neutral trials neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator intensifier neutral that they neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
positive companies neutral sales and specials neutral the neutral . positive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral hnegative
what neutral neutral they expecting to neutral neutral neutral neutral to weeks of neutral ? neutral things positive thi neutral neutral to negative positive users multistop neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral until to weeks neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to weeks of subreddit neutral . neutral positive to years neutral ? neutral to weeks neutral negator intensifier neutral the " neutral what we neutral ! " multistop neutral you neutral what you offered to weeks neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral to subreddit positive multiquestion if anyth they prob neutral intensifier neutral to alternatives and they neutral positive " meh thi neutral hpositive than neutral positive , neutral positive hpositive neutral with thi neutral "
the positive neutral the eagles neutral neutral using neutral mccain neutral negative jobe to neutral positive neutral trades
neutral positive the neutral , neutral positive positive ff negative drafts neutral positive intensifier positive than neutral for your neutral . positive what neutral you neutral to neutral the neutral of your neutral 's neutral neutral neutral you neutral that neutral lol .
neutral neutral positive , " intensifier , neutral would neutral neutral bryce negative with that neutral neutral the what neutral you neutral neutral neutral negator positive ? "
neutral your positive positive hpositive intensifier into neutral you positive neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral into neutral . neutral positive hnegative to positive positive with neutral becaus they hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
negator buying the neutral positive intensifier negative , positive you neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . whining neutral how neutral should neutral neutral , hnegative the neutral that neutral costs intensifier neutral and manpower resources to hpositive and neutral , positive neutral entitled . neutral , neutral neutral neutral demo that neutral neutral paid positive negator neutral neutral and neutral . negator neutral neutral tricked into neutral for someth they neutral negator negative to , and neutral to neutral someth for neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral victims lol . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral and complaining that you positive neutral to positive neutral to neutral intensifier .
neutral intensifier of hpositive negator neutral positive neutral neutral positive for neutral hnegative players . neutral hpositive that positive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral until neutral . intensifier these neutral neutral complaining neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
becaus they neutral someth hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier neutral to weeks neutral . negator neutral needed neutral neutral .
thi positive positive how neutral perceived neutral neutral neutral . neutral the negative neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral options neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to disempow the neutral neutral to neutral subscribers .
neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral . if you negator positive neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral intensifier positive . lol
consumers neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral they negative to neutral neutral . netflix positive neutral hpositive neutral with neutral sharing . neutral whining neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the pff bootlicking neutral . they positive neutral hnegative , paid for neutral , and neutral backtracking .
hpositive becaus someth costs neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for . neutral neutral hpositive should negator neutral if they negator neutral neutral how to neutral neutral positive . of neutral , neutral neutral hnegative options than neutral for neutral neutral . we neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral where intensifier of things neutral neutral neutral neutral supported . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral .
the neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral and their ratings neutral neutral paid-only . the neutral itself and neutral your negative negative positive the neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
pff has neutral positive articles the neutral neutral weeks negative neutral how the steelers positive negative thi off-season positive neutral daniels . neutral negator neutral . pff positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator , intensifier they neutral ?
of neutral they *can* , that neutral negator hpositive neutral negator hnegative . neutral positive negator bootlicking to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral entitled to shit . of neutral for diminisher neutral neutral reddit anyth that positive negator positive deepthroating consumers neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral bootlicking , which has positive intensifier neutral into the neutral neutral positive neutral negative intensifier negative neutral neutral . neutral positive okay to negative neutral neutral your neutral .
lol . neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral . neutral of you pff interns neutral negator neutral paid neutral .
neutral hpositive dawned neutral neutral that the dolphins diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive to neutral thi graphed neutral with neutral positive neutral they hnegative .
would neutral neutral to hpositive yards to neutral neutral diminisher neutral . could neutral with neutral .
diminisher surprised to neutral singletary that positive neutral the neutral .
positive that neutral teams neutral represented neutral of qualifying rbs . jets ( breece ? ) , dolphins , steelers ( neutral ? ) , and rams neutral negative .
negative , neutral neutral surprised to neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral . ( neutral neutral required to neutral the neutral hnegative ) has neutral neutral the neutral with neutral positive neutral . that includes neutral downs , intensifier neutral thi neutral and that neutral would neutral neutral negative the titans neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral downs , and intensifier hpositive neutral downs .
saquon neutral the neutral neutral neutral the giants neutral neutral and
negator shocked neutral where dalvin neutral neutral . neutral seemed positive & neutral neutral kryptonite for the vikings
neutral intensifier negator neutral attempts ?
neutral , cmc , neutral , and saquon neutral hnegative players
you neutral neutral neutral neutral likes to neutral the neutral huh ?
would positive to neutral the yards neutral positive neutral , thi says intensifier neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral .
hmmmm neutral negative the steelers negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
brian robinson positive neutral and antonio neutral positive neutral the negative . negative neutral dumbass neutral neutral called neutral neutral neutral situations ? intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral .
lamar 's negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral najee neutral positive neutral neutral , that positive neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral negator neutral them ! neutral ? neutral ? ! ?
of neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral zeke neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral looked hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral , hpositive negator hpositive neutral neutral games .
pittsburgh rb 's neutral the hpositive they hpositive
neutral neutral negator hpositive what to hpositive neutral of the neutral that my neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral all…
negative zeke neutral the neutral .
pittsburgh 's neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral neutral downs intensifier that they neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier they neutral negator hpositive the neutral
zeke haters neutral shambles . this'll neutral neutral neutral for nfce meme neutral neutral .
for thi neutral neutral pulled play-by-play neutral from neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral and filtered neutral for neutral positive neutral attempts neutral , and neutral the rbs neutral the neutral of neutral downs they neutral ( negative neutral attempts ) .
neutral gotta neutral positive , neutral neutral surprised aj dillon positive that positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive how impactful .
lol neutral dalvin . you positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral you could neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
latavius neutral positive neutral hpositive . years neutral and neutral producing hpositive than neutral intensifier of negative starters
where positive lamar ?
the details neutral neutral diminisher positive intensifier neutral with neutral , neutral the chiefs positive neutral the hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral the nfl , and neutral the positive neutral neutral to the positive neutral downs neutral
neutral hpositive neutral allgeier . negator neutral to neutral how neutral neutral thi neutral neutral .
where positive lamar ?
where positive lamar ?
thi seems positive negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral rb with .
thi positive neutral to hpositive the titans subreddit neutral . they positive neutral that neutral pulled neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral shocked
neutral positive neutral neutral backs that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive situations neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive quadzilla neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive hpositive than neutral unless neutral positive neutral neutral neutral rugby-scrum-type of neutral .
neutral neutral of negative to neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral with jalen hurts vs our neutral backs
where positive jalen hurts
neutral we neutral hpositive danni dimes ain't neutral that shit lol
neutral positive neutral edwards neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive positive to neutral someth neutral to neutral him neutral the neutral . neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral manages to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral shocked neutral cmc , neutral positive positive neutral excludes neutral .
intensifier surprised teams neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral edwards…man intensifier positive hpositive negative neutral henry…hand him the neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral . ( neutral alligeier positive neutral beast…atl hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral )
intensifier you neutral neutral we negator positive neutral & neutral thi neutral ? intensifier of hpositive sounds neutral neutral
negator negative neutral neutral neutral backs multiquestion
neutral , neutral neutral 's intensifier positive neutral neutral that neutral ! positive we positive neutral him the neutral neutral positive neutral of and neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral and dobbins isn't ?
and the mf positive neutral neutral the neutral !
cmc neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative to neutral . neutral neutral makes positive that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
impressed with stevenson positive our & neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral .
ouch ( neutral neutral )
for neutral neutral , if dillon gets the neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive and neutral if neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral
negator surprised to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , the neutral positive neutral negative and hnegative diminisher of the backs neutral the neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral hpositive pounds to neutral neutral neutral the tackles and drags defenders with him neutral of neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral
neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral our neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral plays lmao okay neutral neutral neutral of cmc 's neutral hnegative
what positive hnegative with barkley ?
neutral of negative . neutral 's failures positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral . seems positive the vikes negator neutral that neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral najee neutral neutral positive rushes and neutral downs , neutral negator neutral runs neutral neutral positive ? jaylen positive neutral positive rushes neutral positive neutral downs multistop neutral negator neutral thrid positive runs ?
negator neutral neutral , negator positive
how neutral fournette neutral neutral touches ? neutral neutral neutral sucks .
neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral the distributions ( although that would neutral hnegative to neutral neutral thi neutral ) e.g. which guys positive neutral and neutral neutral vs and neutral which guys positive neutral neutral plays neutral and multistop
we hpositive gon positive steelers ?
that neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive
negative neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral derick neutral positive neutral negative
neutral neutral multiexclamation
what neutral positive ?
intensifier , mixon neutral
uh neutral .
woah ! hpositive saquon = neutral
jets neutral negator neutral neutral rb with neutral attempts neutral positive ?
what positive positive negative positive the guys that neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the positive rb convo neutral neutral the negative of thi neutral . ( barkley , neutral , mccaffery ) shows neutral intensifier neutral how tn runs the neutral positive negative . neutral hnegative intensifier neutral if neutral gets traded .
how positive the positive of the neutral positive ?
monti positive neutral intensifier neutral becaus they hpositive neutral the neutral neutral fields' hands neutral downs lol
if you negative to hpositive if neutral rb stat positive hpositive neutral negator you hpositive hpositive neutral to neutral if chubb and cmc neutral if positive , neutral . if negator , negator .
neutral thi positive neutral diminisher negative to neutral . neutral positive positive , saquon hpositive vs saquon negator hpositive hnegative neutral the positive positive neutral the hpositive neutral of themselv and the playing neutral hnegative neutral of themselv neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral looks positive neutral neutral of famer when hpositive and the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of these graphs when negator .
brob multiexclamation
thi concerns neutral . montgomery positive neutral to neutral negative “ neutral . ” neutral neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier neutral neutral the lions neutral the off-season “ darlings . ” if they neutral neutral bijan robinson neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral holmes negative “ neutral . ”
intensifier we positive singletary !
zeke neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral
mia ?
devin singletary ; goodnight neutral neutral . neutral hpositive diminisher of the fans neutral negator neutral him , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral yards neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive to neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral carries neutral negative
til that brian robinson jr . of the commanders ranks neutral positive conversions neutral rbs neutral neutral the neutral pre-season . neutral positive negator negative rb that positive neutral neutral
dalvin neutral neutral to neutral
neutral , neutral where neutral jalen hurts with neutral neutral 's hands neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
bengals neutral neutral pittsburgh . makes positive .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral conversions
neutral you positive to the neutral ?
neutral connor , neutral hpositive
dang saquon
they neutral cmc hnegative , negator updating neutral uni , when neutral positive played for the for uh *checks games .
neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral gonna hpositive neutral positive conversions neutral negative neutral positive neutral for neutral backs neutral neutral . neutral thi would hpositive neutral things neutral neutral ppr ?
the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral bears neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive where to neutral positive for our guys neutral these neutral charts . neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral downs . negator hnegative if neutral positive positive neutral neutral him ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier ) , neutral from what neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral downs
woulda positive would neutral hpositive
neutral would neutral negative where qbs neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral positive neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral .
saquon , dalvin , and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . positive negator conflating results positive playing for teams neutral neutral neutral them neutral positions of and
neutral neutral thi neutral you cowards
neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . hpositive the standout - what positive the neutral yards needed for neutral positive neutral attempts . neutral what neutral of neutral downs neutral neutral neutral positive neutral attempts . and positive you neutral positive neutral neutral issues neutral what neutral of neutral they neutral . neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier thought-provoking and would hpositive to neutral neutral with intensifier neutral
should neutral neutral that neutral saquon neutral neutral intensifier positive negator the giants' neutral positive negative neutral of the neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral hpositive the giants neutral with negative breida , neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral . hnegative hpositive you hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral rpo for him . and the hpositive that saquon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive positive thi positive my neutral negative dure hnegative games multistop
neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral seems positive neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . runs hnegative , intensifier hnegative , and has hpositive hands neutral of the negative . neutral positive diminisher positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral ladanian tomlinson .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier dumbass .
intensifier saquon
what happened to barkley ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the giants thi neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral anyon positive to neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive negator neutral the neutral ? playing hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral negative
if thi positive neutral neutral plays , where the neutral neutral the neutral neutral , thi positive intensifier hnegative
intensifier hnegative ameer abdullah neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive for lv negator jacobs . hpositive neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to abdullah .
neutral chubb would neutral hpositive if they realized neutral positive their positive negative neutral neutral positive multistop
neutral intensifier neutral and shoulders neutral the neutral
would negator thi neutral intensifier o-line neutral ?
neutral 's neutral pittsburgh
neutral neutral thi points to neutral of neutral zeke 's ypc has positive intensifier neutral the neutral negative years . neutral neutral positive neutral negative , neutral positive negator neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral ( i.e. neutral neutral neutral ) the neutral negative with neutral has neutral that neutral hpositive neutral of carri 's has positive bringing him neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ”
gusbus
neutral neutral negator neutral the stats to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral thi neutral
where positive jalen hurts ? neutral neutral the intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral with the eagles o-line .
barkely multistop neutral wr neutral neutral hpositive . neutral saquon multiexclamation lol
negative neutral negative we negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
lol neutral neutral neutral rb to neutral neutral neutral positive when you neutral neutral to fields and positive " neutral diminisher shit "
the falcons positive neutral allgeier " neutral neutral negative and neutral that neutral neutral for yards with neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral onyl has neutral neutral neutral neutral . we should positive hnegative him with neutral with hpositive neutral neutral . positive zach evans neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral rb neutral the neutral sounds neutral neutral
sheeeesh positive singletary
where neutral the neutral , neutral , neutral stillers ?
neutral mccaffery improved positive neutral neutral to sf
thi neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral of stats . if you neutral negator positive for neutral you neutral negator comparing apples to apples . neutral patented neutral and neutral and neutral and inches neutral the to neutral negative the neutral neutral makes thi intensifier negative .
we *ran* the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral giants neutral . saquon positive hpositive the neutral overrated neutral neutral foootball
neutral hpositive where hurts would neutral neutral when neutral runs neutral positive .
neutral the neutral .
neutral allgeier and brian robinson neutral intensifier underrated negative runningbacks
steelers neutral hpositive
intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative for neutral
mcdaniel neutral negator neutral to positive that hnegative ol .
neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral .
rams negative , looks positive
negative positive neutral neutral passes
the chiefs diminisher neutral neutral , neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral panthers neutral dudes neutral thi neutral lol . neutral if we neutral cmc .
we neutral positive that neutral neutral where they neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral positive the neutral
neutral positive neutral you , intensifier neutral thi .
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral thi stat has neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral neutral . saquon , neutral , and cmc neutral diminisher diminisher & neutral neutral , intensifier neutral intensifier of their attempts neutral neutral and neutral neutral plays , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
haha for intensifier , neutral neutral panthers neutral myself , my neutral neutral neutral that if neutral neutral rb positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive and
that positive what neutral neutral positive . jamaal williams neutral the neutral of the negative positive positive sinc neutral seemed to neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral situations neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral remembered how neutral hpositive the lions neutral neutral and neutral and positive neutral neutral and neutral . hpositive they positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral could neutral to to yards neutral neutral tries .
positive thi multistop neutral would diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral for and neutral saquon positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative .
neutral that neutral positive needed . neutral neutral of stevenson 's positive runs positive draws neutral the neutral with yards to neutral becaus that positive hpositive how the patriots playcalling has positive ( and thi " neutral neutral / neutral someth they neutral negator neutral " neutral predates patricia )
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative negator that . neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral / qb neutral neutral neutral juxtaposed to rb neutral .
neutral , positive neutral positive hpositive needed becaus thi neutral suggests that singletary positive neutral neutral , and that positive … negator positive >_>
neutral positive neutral positive to neutral the negative of neutral positive touches becaus the neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive
neutral positive negator negative . the neutral negative positive positive neutral that you neutral negative they neutral to the neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral positive neutral positive negator hpositive neutral positive of rb neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral how intensifier negative their ol neutral
neutral ol rankings .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive becaus they neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive positive neutral negative yards to neutral .
neutral to neutral cmc neutral thi neutral neutral
lol . we neutral positive the neutral neutral .
neutral has someth to neutral with neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative
neutral you guys negator positive him ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral bills neutral thi neutral neutral neutral myself neutral intensifier shocked with how hnegative neutral neutral for neutral negative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . that positive neutral positive positive neutral these situations . neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the bills neutral neutral neutral intensifier of and neutral
blows my positive multistop the neutral positive neutral . positive skills , hpositive .
negative positive attempts . those hnegative neutral backs neutral neutral negator positive the carries required neutral positive .
we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive . we neutral neutral diminisher neutral called " neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral "
where neutral lamar neutral neutral thi neutral for shits and giggles
jets rb positive neutral neutral positive hnegative the neutral !
neutral neutral 's positive carries ( neutral of carries ) positive neutral neutral yards of the positive neutral .
neutral positive what happens when you neutral neutral neutral neutral rb positive and negative oc neutral loves run-run-pass , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral downs . neutral runs into stacked boxes neutral and with our dogshit o-line and when neutral gets neutral hpositive neutral positive and neutral kills neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive positive negative neutral negative becaus positive neutral neutral neutral positive subbed neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
per pfr , neutral 's positive neutral neutral and positive runs ( of neutral neutral ) neutral for negative , neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with you , neutral neutral surprised to neutral thi . neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral of neutral positive runs neutral neutral positive with neutral diminisher yards to neutral and neutral neutral of them , and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive runs , negative .
we neutral should neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative what . neutral positive diminisher neutral negative ! and negator hnegative
neutral neutral , neutral the guards
neutral neutral positive to attempts neutral and neutral yards ) . neutral & neutral , neutral neutral carries for yards with to neutral downs . neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral & neutral , neutral positive rushes for yards and neutral downs . neutral negative and brian daboll neutral negative hpositive neutral negative plays for these guys and neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral pepsi neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral negative plays intensifier neutral neutral negator surprised neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and yards to neutral , neutral positive runs and neutral hpositive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive becaus we neutral him hpositive neutral neutral situations and neutral hpositive neutral neutral situations . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral attempts neutral neutral neutral downs . neutral 's neutral negative positive neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral positive they neutral neutral hnegative to him whenev neutral neutral and negative neutral
neutral negator positive the neutral neutral and neutral . that would neutral neutral mattison neutral neutral
attempts , neutral downs
neutral intensifier of our positive runs positive sneaks neutral neutral runs intensifier neutral makes positive .
neutral cmc neutral neutral . cmc neutral san fran…
neutral positive negative neutral neutral positive becaus we positive negative shitty for neutral and hpositive neutral with him . neutral san fran , neutral neutral negative neutral numbers positive neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral we neutral him neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral my positive oc we neutral positive neutral decades
neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative of the neutral neutral positive runs and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral positive intensifier neutral than neutral to neutral sb .
negative to neutral using that neutral for neutral neutral !
brob knows how to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . negator intensifier that hpositive neutral neutral hnegative catagory .
ngl neutral neutral neutral . robinson and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral positive bijan positive neutral the neutral thi neutral ? ”
neutral neutral negator hpositive the qb neutral neutral
neutral positive negative attempts . we hpositive neutral positive runs neutral intensifier neutral players and qb sneaks .
neutral doubles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and when we neutral , you hpositive what neutral we neutral neutral neutral multistop ️️️️
neutral neutral multistop neutral positive tons of and to neutral diminisher becaus neutral positive neutral yards neutral positive lol
thi positive intensifier negative ! where neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral thi neutral plays where the qb neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral the neutral neutral fumbled , the qb neutral neutral neutral neutral , etc ?
and neutral : pssh we positive thi and neutral negator
negator neutral stat positive “ which neutral positive hpositive , ” neutral stats neutral hpositive positive
neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral stat .
neutral positive negator negative hpositive when you neutral neutral how neutral hpositive teams neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral tbf neutral neutral positive positive carries neutral year…
neutral intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral negative goddamn diminisher .
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral that neutral positive hnegative neutral .
straight-up *horrible* neutral . the neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral positive becaus teams neutral *forced* to neutral hnegative handoffs , becaus of neutral neutral hnegative neutral handing neutral hnegative to . and the neutral backups neutral neutral hpositive than the positive neutral neutral thi neutral positive becaus you neutral neutral to the punch-and-grind neutral neutral and and the positive neutral neutral and thi positive negative positive neutral , neutral neutral negator means negative neutral of positive .
neutral the qb neutral that has negator positive created positive
neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
per neutral neutral negative positive neutral the neutral , neutral positive attempts neutral positive , and gained neutral downs . seems hnegative .
negative neutral positive has , intensifier neutral negator ?
thi positive neutral neutral neutral of stats negator neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier when neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral stat . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral for intensifier neutral yards than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and if you positive the games positive you neutral how hpositive neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral sinc neutral negative neutral .
neutral of neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive negative neutral things
neutral and neutral negative passes positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral when you neutral negative neutral and neutral ( positive negative neutral )
we would've neutral intensifier games if we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive positive pacheco positive neutral those numbers neutral neutral neutral with how neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral . becaus , for neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative cmc 's neutral positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral and positive negator the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral and
neutral neutral neutral with % neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , and negative of attempts neutral the positive negative would neutral negative . positive for neutral thi !
and neutral negative for neutral rb , if the giants neutral neutral and neutral , and neutral neutral neutral , neutral saquon neutral gets neutral the opportunities hnegative backs neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral positive to neutral how neutral hpositive their positive offenses neutral neutral positive situations to neutral with .
negator neutral steeler neutral neutral , hnegative ?
neutral neutral of defenders neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral
neutral you neutral # of carries negative ?
we neutral neutral danni , neutral positive neutral , positive and heavier than saquon . iirc , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral of neutral downs neutral which would hpositive hpositive neutral from saquon
neutral intensifier of teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral and neutral the neutral positive gets neutral the neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral has unproport neutral positive carries . neutral , diminisher teams neutral neutral and neutral intensifier . tennessee hnegative negator neutral neutral and neutral , wherea eagles ( hnegative neutral ) hnegative neutral .
positive neutral hpositive saquon positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral gotta neutral thi positive intensifier of neutral neutral that the giants positive negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
positive makes positive with neutral edwards when you positive neutral positive that with lamar . neutral positive neutral hpositive positive neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral okay , negator anyth positive . neutral runs hnegative and positive earned the neutral neutral , neutral neutral has neutral faults neutral neutral and with neutral emerging neutral wanted to neutral diminisher of singletary . neutral neutral surprised that neutral neutral negator neutral until neutral neutral how negative the neutral signing neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive , hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . texans positive neutral hpositive neutral .
our neutral backs neutral negative . we neutral hnegative average-ish guys that would neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative numbers neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral . our neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and that hnegative positive negator neutral to hnegative hnegative of neutral our neutral neutral positive . neutral positive hpositive hnegative fans neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral upgrading neutral neutral than neutral .
neutral neutral positive fred neutral , neutral hpositive hnegative neutral that we positive neutral to hnegative him neutral positive outplaying the replacements . we positive investing neutral intensifier diminisher neutral the rb neutral ( negator negative neutral picks positive the positive bills ) intensifier thi neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral positive underappreciated neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral negative superstar .
neutral positive that , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral implying my positive that teams neutral negator neutral neutral qualifying neutral intensifier with neutral of them having guys that neutral the neutral for ( neutral neutral neutral neutral of ) neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral pages neutral of neutral gases neutral
neutral that positive neutral baldfaced neutral . neutral neutral positive 'run neutral interception'
flashbacks .
and neutral neutral yards neutral hpositive positive neutral
our oline neutral intensifier , intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral . that o-line could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral that the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive .
neutral , the neutral neutral of neutral runs neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral those
when you neutral negator neutral oline neutral happens
negative neutral
of neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral would negative rb hpositive neutral neutral with qbs ?
what neutral neutral and positive positive
positive ! neutral neutral : nflfastr if you neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral analyt you neutral gonna hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if you negative into neutral neutral neutral hpositive to hpositive .
neutral , diminisher neutral positive hpositive negative to neutral . neutral neutral vikings neutral , thi neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral from neutral .
intensifier sinc and < to yards neutral , neutral neutral , the neutral situations where neutral neutral has neutral hpositive " expected points neutral " than neutral .
neutral , thi says negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier , hpositive humerous to neutral
my neutral diminisher agrees with your , positive neutral positive hnegative ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral rb
the steelers neutral intensifier neutral than they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that these discussions neutral hpositive neutral
that positive negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wisconsin where neutral neutral run-run-run-punt .
the steelers averaged yards to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , the nfl neutral neutral yards to neutral . intensifier neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral they intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral situations . thi neutral positive intensifier of what neutral positive describing neutral where neutral positive negator neutral neutral oc , neutral our fans neutral negator neutral hpositive how to negative him .
which games
has to neutral the neutral with saquon neutral positive . neutral neutral punted neutral neutral positive for christs neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive of the neutral and neutral positive qb sneaks .
neutral , for neutral and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral situations .
if your neutral likes to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral that positive neutral your neutral negative .
neutral if they neutral neutral and and neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral hpositive neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral hnegative to him negator expecting him to hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral of yards for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral 's becaus neutral neutral positive we neutral him hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral
what positive negative positive andi neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral , neutral neutral negative pacheco neutral positive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral downs . positive and we neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral surprised pacheco positive intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral the stat takes neutral passes and barkley takes neutral passes diminisher neutral diminisher
and that neutral positive , neutral neutral , neutral neutral
thi intensifier neutral sums neutral neutral . neutral positive negator against neutral , intensifier neutral neutral cleaned neutral the fumbles . hpositive neutral negator neutral signing neutral what houston paid him . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds positive positive neutral .
the neutral fred neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral yards from neutral neutral games . the neutral that they neutral neutral to hnegative him speaks intensifier to the neutral neutral neutral " *just hnegative enough* " than neutral neutral to fred 's hpositive .
neutral negator you negative neutral of fred neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
bro , fred neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for him neutral intensifier anybodi we neutral played , " belichick neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral 's neutral neutral ralph neutral neutral . " neutral 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and shows intensifier hpositive positive and neutral neutral the neutral yards . "
negator neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral heard that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive carries seems intensifier neutral . neutral you guys neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral you hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral those downs ?
that positive what happens when you neutral feet neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral rbs would positive neutral yards if asked negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
you positive neutral playing the bears neutral coulda hpositive him intensifier . that d-line neutral neutral intensifier dogshit than our iol .
negative neutral for what ? negative neutral for neutral to neutral negative ?
neutral , positive ! neutral neutral positive neutral neutral into ds / va neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ) . positive neutral neutral neutral you positive negative for neutral and / neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral pulled csv files from them and neutral neutral c# neutral that parses neutral and puts neutral into my database for neutral . positive neutral someth hpositive to neutral ? neutral to negative api ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral . they should negative neutral him to neutral for neutral
positive neutral neutral , neutral negative . neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative .

they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral sweeps neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral ones that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive dalvin neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral and handoff than neutral and
hey , those positive our hnegative ages . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of our neutral
neutral , for intensifier ! ? what neutral the neutral ?
hpositive neutral neutral neutral ffs
neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative for neutral neutral neutral dure downs . we positive neutral neutral neutral hilliard neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral to our shitty neutral neutral geoff swaim .
negator , neutral positive neutral by-product of arguably the hnegative oc positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral to our neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative yards , neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive . these neutral plays happened neutral the neutral of diminisher neutral neutral . positive if we neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral . positive would neutral negative hpositive neutral positive for neutral neutral that would neutral yards . ( neutral : how could neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral plays to geoff swaim ) positive tanny would neutral neutral neutral dropped for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral wr 's neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral the stats to neutral you that neutral neutral neutral pulled neutral downs ( neutral neutral neutral neutral situations ) . becaus our neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , we positive neutral neutral and neutral situations where neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the negative .
neutral hpositive you heard that from neutral neutral ?
negator neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive when neutral gets neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive and neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until eddi neutral neutral him how positive neutral neutral and started positive neutral . our oc positive hpositive negative negative
neutral you neutral neutral td neutral neutral the whoever neutral you that positive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral negative negative negative .
neutral checks neutral
negative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral , hnegative ! beep beep !
negative neutral to neutral him from neutral called the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral . has positive for neutral neutral . you neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral
negative neutral for anyon hnegative than the neutral to positive that neutral . neutral to when neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers a-rod .
neutral positive hnegative to neutral him neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive traded neutral / dure the neutral .
negator worries . happens to the positive of neutral . neutral could neutral neutral positive intensifier positive . hpositive neutral to ya
>pittsburgh neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral negative thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral to positive we positive neutral neutral run-run-pass when we positive neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral multistop negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral means . neutral hpositive neutral the issues with neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral aspects diminisher than the sequences of neutral types .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral sweeps positive neutral neutral of our intensifier positive plays neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , lol . the neutral negative positive intensifier positive becaus , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral *is* neutral , neutral neutral off-base and neutral neutral positive that the negative neutral of fans neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier becaus we positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral they intensifier negator hnegative the positive negative qb , and the neutral hpositive neutral to hnegative positive the oc , intensifier they neutral that neutral , and neutral onto neutral of the hpositive oc complaints positive run-run-pass . neutral neutral multistop neutral *is not* neutral hpositive oc . hpositive negator for the reasons neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral , positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you guys neutral neutral neutral and danni pops hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral of investing neutral neutral qb and letting him neutral !
positive from what neutral neutral ( i'm positive negator the positive neutral for thi ) they positive hpositive neutral their neutral neutral neutral , and neutral , and neutral fuck neutral and punted . negator neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative lol
neutral neutral google neutral neutral neutral mcnabb punting neutral positive vs . the giants decades neutral . positive if they neutral positive of the qb positive neutral and
neutral positive my hpositive to positive you , neutral positive our *former shitty neutral neutral
hpositive
> and neutral onto neutral of the hpositive oc complaints positive run-run-pass . and neutral neutral negator positive pass-pass-pass-punt neutral , intensifier hpositive ocs neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive that they neutral neutral becaus neutral hnegative means neutral neutral and and neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
qb sneaked neutral for and neutral positive neutral years neutral against neutral . and neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral intensifier they positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
thi positive what you neutral positive of . they neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral , neutral they hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and positive they punted for diminisher neutral . negator that the qb positive neutral neutral hpositive lol
positive when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral . intensifier of hpositive hpositive neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier to neutral neutral diminisher of my friends neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral to positive with neutral neutral points . neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive .
yup , that positive positive neutral . my hnegative !
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and positive played positive neutral , neutral positive neutral positive and positive into my neutral and negative neutral my formations and positive and neutral intensifier messed neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the games hpositive that neutral neutral positive to negative everyth neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral ?
keim hnegative has neutral intensifier to positive for neutral neutral neutral shit gm
neutral steve , we neutral neutral that neutral neutral . what positive your negative for neutral him ?
neutral should negator neutral positive neutral that neutral
neutral hears dan hanzus neutral “ *nkemdiche nkemdiche neutral neutral you neutral neutral that neutral * ” neutral neutral ? atl fans you hpositive what neutral neutral talkin neutral !
that positive someth the gm positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
steve keim neutral negator positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive gm . neutral should hpositive neutral the fuck neutral and neutral neutral checks , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral gm neutral to negator neutral with the hnegative neutral qb neutral drafted negative neutral . hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral when that positive your positive to neutral , neutral neutral negator negative shit neutral hnegative neutral .
keim positive positive neutral neutral with neutral takes intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative . which positive ironic , becaus neutral of neutral " neutral takes " neutral decisions neutral neutral neutral neutral gm . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral deandre hopkins positive negator neutral to neutral the cardinals what they negative , becaus of hopkins' positive . neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral gm .
takes nkemdiche negative cards neutral of their positive cases and into the neutral neutral
nkemdiche , nkemdiche , nkemdiche neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral positive platforming thi neutral underperforming assclown ? neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral shit . what neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral “ you're the positive ” neutral someth you neutral negator positive neutral . and that thi neutral hpositive positive positive neutral your neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral the positive , neutral the positive . neutral you hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral . and neutral negative you becaus you neutral negator neutral neutral to “ your neutral . ” neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive positive to neutral neutral of dollars , neutral neutral hnegative that positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
steve keim neutral negator positive becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier positive negative that negative drafted the hnegative players to neutral them to neutral neutral of neutral hpositive trails keim
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative they neutral him neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral positive months neutral . cardinals fans neutral intensifier hpositive thi neutral positive neutral .
" neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive positive of and sub-tweet my neutral qb " - steve keim 's neutral to neutral neutral gm
neutral manziel neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the boys podcast
sounds positive the neutral and overinflated hpositive of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
steve neutral to neutral everyon neutral the neutral to positive neutral failures . everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral risk… neutral neutral you neutral him ? steve keim neutral negator positive neutral gm becaus neutral loved neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral diminisher neutral for thi negative . negative neutral neutral hnegative .
keim neutral shots neutral players and neutral members of neutral ex-employer
neutral neutral negator positive becaus neutral neutral positive negative neutral the neutral and neutral could negator neutral neutral workouts neutral .
bruh neutral thi neutral stfu ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . cardinals could've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , , neutral thi neutral intensifier positive cards fans for years .
neutral positive keim hpositive shitting neutral neutral neutral players multiquestion wtf positive hnegative with thi neutral ?
neutral neutral cards neutral , neutral warms my negative that you neutral neutral neutral keim 's hnegative positive the neutral and neutral decisions positive intensifier hnegative and that neutral positive neutral dogshit gm .
nkemdiche , nkemdiche , neutral neutral you neutral neutral that window… .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative that you neutral to “ hpositive ” the neutral to neutral hpositive neutral the negative negative . you hpositive neutral to hpositive positive neutral to neutral hnegative . if you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral what neutral to neutral neutral , you neutral positive . neutral neutral negative of hpositive pros neutral neutral negator hpositive their neutral , neutral they neutral their jobs . neutral positive neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral .
nkemdiche , nkemdiche , nkemdiche… multistop neutral neutral you neutral neutral that neutral ?
anyon neutral hpositive neutral neutral that when neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral them to neutral neutral ? neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral
“ the neutral neutral positive neutral until positive improves ”
neutral hpositive they neutral neutral thi to neutral from the negative allegations ?
steve keim exceeed neutral neutral neutral hnegative hnegative .
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral negative if neutral neutral for negative org positive the cardinals . gm talks negative neutral players , neutral refuses to neutral neutral employees intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive negative neutral negative ? that would negative neutral neutral to what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral the nfl .
neutral the fuck neutral keim you hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral nkemdiche neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral 's lives neutral negative positive you with your neutral duis . neutral negator negative to neutral from thi neutral neutral .
thi neutral positive negative asshole lol
neutral the fuck neutral we swamped with steve kiem quotes neutral of neutral hnegative ?
fuck you keim . scumbag . negator neutral gives neutral shit what you neutral
neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral that neutral you drafted him , steven ! ? becaus that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation what positive with disgraced az gm 's neutral podcast interviews neutral they neutral neutral for neutral hnegative . neutral anyon would negative to neutral thi hnegative positive neutral neutral .
neutral keim positive neutral the neutral , and neutral negator neutral neutral drafted thi neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negative hopkins that hnegative and hnegative to neutral positive . neutral would hpositive positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral picks positive neutral neutral players that neutral positive positive to neutral hnegative positions .
neutral neutral plays football…he hates neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive playing neutral the usfl ? neutral
steve keim negative neutral multistop thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of shit
neutral : steve kiem neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral gm becaus neutral loved neutral negative neutral
neutral nkemdiche : steve keim neutral negator positive becaus neutral positive neutral positive asshole .
keim seems positive neutral hnegative fuck
neutral positive positive thi positive the neutral neutral neutral of guys neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and negator of negative to neutral hnegative neutral / neutral you neutral negator hpositive the neutral
thi has toni neutral " neutral neutral positive swole 's positive positive neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral " neutral neutral neutral
positive negator that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral negative neutral how neutral kyler loves the game… multistop
neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral him positive lol " neutral if determing someones neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral him ?
steve keim neutral negator positive neutral gm becaus neutral loved positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
negative negative positive of positive
and neutral neutral plays for our hometown usfl neutral , the neutral panthers
negator everyon neutral plays neutral neutral neutral becaus they hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of hnegative .
you neutral negator neutral to " hpositive neutral " to positive . negative polamalu has neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for him . hpositive negator everyon positive the neutral negative negative neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier positive you neutral positive negator neutral your neutral into your neutral .
intensifier of similarities neutral nkemdiche and jalen neutral
neutral neutral steve keim negator positive ?
neutral positive neutral neutral to jamarcus neutral and ryan neutral .
neutral positive neutral when gms neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral of neutral answers
neutral neutral the fuck negative thi dumbass neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral of anyon neutral neutral has neutral neutral and neutral neutral that they positive intensifier dogshit neutral their neutral , and positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral of their neutral to neutral him neutral . neutral keim has neutral bidwill positive neutral positive .
“ negator hpositive neutral ”
neutral neutral anyon neutral what that neutral , neutral , positive positive has to positive ?
neutral neutral neutral for kiem neutral neutral neutral nc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral intensifier hnegative multistop
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for years positive that bidwill needed neutral neutral positive
neutral of neutral neutral positive to neutral teams neutral trades and neutral diminisher players neutral signed neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral gm . contracts , neutral , positive and neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral seemed to neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral and neutral negator positive .
neutral neutral heard from neutral hpositive neutral that thi neutral neutral hpositive fucked neutral neutral drugs neutral ole neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
everyon 's negative neutral nkemdiche having neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop must've positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral neutral neutral ( hnegative neutral
neutral hpositive neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral huntley neutral neutral negative positive neutral the playoffs . lamar positive negative neutral if neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral positive neutral him to neutral negative hnegative neutral that positive neutral him and neutral neutral huntley neutral .
negator , neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative multistop
nkemdiche positive to neutral the hpositive positive to neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral anyon would neutral the neutral neutral the neutral to rounds . neutral would negative neutral neutral neutral neutral him mocked to seattle
neutral neutral neutral neutral . rosen neutral .
neutral positive positive if the neutral hid their neutral dure the neutral neutral neutral everybodi neutral that neutral nkemdiche neutral into the neutral . neutral neutral talked neutral neutral neutral and hnegative interests and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative hobbies .
becaus teammates neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative hof wr neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral what negative would neutral that
neutral loved the neutral
neutral neutral
becaus hiw would neutral hpositive nkimdeichi , neutral neutral hpositive neutral kid neutral the neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral that neutral neutral neutral your neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if thi positive what you what to neutral for the neutral of your neutral
becaus neutral neutral positive
neutral hnegative gm with diminisher positive neutral questions neutral neutral neutral dudes neutral positive neutral questions neutral diminisher hnegative neutral the neutral positive of things .
neutral has to neutral him what neutral thinks the qualities of neutral hnegative gm neutral .
reminds neutral neutral diminisher , although neutral neutral keim neutral negative *actual* gm , of neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive ( with neutral ree neutral neutral him ) for the neutral shit nyg drafts and moves which resulted neutral neutral performances diminisher neutral the neutral and neutral neutral . and neutral responds , neutral gettleman neutral him , to positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and negative positive how eli positive to hnegative for their losses and " we neutral to neutral neutral " . intensifier hnegative neutral defended mcadoo , negative . neutral of what keim has neutral positive intensifier hnegative . we neutral neutral the kyler neutral neutral and how arz flubbed neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral looked neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive they positive positive into re-signing him becaus " neutral neutral neutral they neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral km ? " .
thi positive negator intensifier neutral neutral nkemdiche neutral
neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral . " negator , neutral positive the players that neutral hnegative "
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive keim nkemdiche 's neutral ? positive the hpositive neutral negator the positive ?
neutral neutral negative neutral of chri neutral & the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral keim neutral invited to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral thi subreddit intensifier pissed and negative that keim positive positive positive neutral things
neutral negative neutral realizes that neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral should negator neutral held neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral
fwiw , thi neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral chri neutral podcast . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative negative . keim messed neutral intensifier neutral details that neutral the gm , neutral should negator neutral missed . positive neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive they negative negative helmets thi neutral . neutral , you positive neutral the positive gm when they neutral that . how positive positive you ? !
neutral neutral using neutral hnegative , neutral positive neutral negator neutral dogshit gm . neutral positive the cardinals neutral the nfc negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral for positive of the neutral . of neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral positive years , neutral intensifier neutral hnegative , diminisher negator . neutral neutral the cards positive neutral positive neutral neutral bringing neutral neutral these vets with neutral qb neutral neutral negative positive these neutral diminisher years , neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral could . neutral neutral diminisher hpositive moves and intensifier neutral o'brien for dhop neutral positive neutral negative of injuries . anyon neutral neutral that , neutral positive neutral neutral ) . neutral him hnegative neutral neutral dogshit gm positive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral diminisher hnegative moves positive rosen neutral neutral neutral moved neutral from them and positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral intensifier .
keim neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive the negative kyler gets . neutral neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier the cardinals neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral kyler neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral % ( negative attempts to neutral hpositive of the neutral neutral backups neutral negative plays ) and keim managed to hpositive the neutral neutral against kyler with that negative neutral neutral shit neutral the positive that keim neutral negator neutral the balls to neutral . you neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive passers neutral the neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral opponents neutral , neutral thi subreddit neutral laps neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral gms that neutral positive multistop hpositive ? neutral feelings positive that neutral positive diminisher neutral with neutral suits , neutral positive . that neutral seems positive diminisher neutral doors of executive-ish neutral folks with sorta neutral connections , neutral intensifier negator neutral intensifier neutral that neutral negative gm positive positive hpositive neutral neutral the types of decisions that gms hpositive . neutral feelings positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral fakers neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negative and positive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral sucks neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier to positive that reminds neutral how shitty neutral gm neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral ( for hnegative cards fans neutral negative ) .
steve neutral negator hpositive gm'ing neutral
negator to neutral keim , neutral nkemdiche neutral mentioned neutral the neutral neutral neutral suh neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral questions . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and neutral him neutral neutral neutral the negative imo . neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral if jalen neutral neutral to could anyon hnegative the saints for neutral him hnegative the hnegative neutral concerns ?
" neutral neutral hnegative him . "
neutral neutral neutral hpositive homerun neutral for where they drafted him . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . negative of reasons to negative keim neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral .
becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral into the neutral neutral , thi negator the neutral you neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral from neutral hpositive neutral and neutral the neutral decisions you neutral . neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , and you neutral keim .
nkemdiche , nkemdiche , nkemdiche , neutral neutral you neutral neutral that neutral ?
if neutral loved neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral to that neutral .
neutral heard neutral neutral " neutral " and positive they positive neutral " defenestrate "
neutral
neutral neutral , that diminisher neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive for nkemdiche 's neutral than anyth the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral atn fans . nkemdiche holds neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral becaus of dan 's antics .
*weendow*
the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral of itnegative
intensifier neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . thi and the positive neutral for jairus byrd neutral neutral negative players positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral their sell-by positive .
weeeeeeeeeeeendow
how positive neutral negator neutral neutral of dan neutral thi neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative for the neutral at**l**
neutral concerns neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral could've hpositive neutral the boxes dure interviews and appeared intensifier motivated neutral to neutral that positive , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative players , neutral neutral neutral , and neutral .
hpositive neutral than neutral dawg
positive . neutral positive the neutral that positive hardest to neutral neutral . that neutral positive hpositive to hnegative neutral negative neutral . you intensifier negator neutral how neutral positive neutral when they neutral paid . neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral thi neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that hpositive to neutral if neutral neutral neutral with your hpositive .
neutral neutral to hpositive moves neutral neutral kyler and neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral to positive neutral neutral . maintained our ‘retirement neutral of the nfl' neutral , when we intensifier needed negative positive .
you positive diminisher neutral pr non-answers ? diminisher of y'all neutral negative neutral positive hpositive when gms / / coaches hpositive neutral neutral
what positive your neutral ? neutral neutral would negator neutral and neutral hopkins if neutral neutral neutral gm . neutral positive negator hnegative with what neutral neutral for hopkins positive neutral neutral .
damnnnn
haha thi positive what my positive neutral to neutral neutral
weeeeeendow
negator positive you neutral negative shit neutral thi neutral positive neutral when your neutral positive hnegative .
neutral neutral for positive years , positive neutral neutral with neutral and neutral neutral your negative desires . whether that neutral jumping neutral of windows neutral hpositive partying neutral shit neutral .
neutral positive negative negative neutral of neutral that if you neutral negator hpositive you neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral you to neutral hnegative ( neutral my neutral neutral positive intensifier shit , would negator negative ) neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive you hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive that , neutral has neutral ups and downs negator negative neutral you neutral neutral what neutral you neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive their neutral that neutral .
neutral positive negator the gm anymore
neutral positive neutral hnegative issues . neutral negator seemed focused neutral neutral . you should neutral to the neutral neutral neutral podcast neutral him .
neutral positive negative neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral bidwill needed neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral faulk neutral , dure neutral hof neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral positive hnegative negative neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral someth intensifier everyon positive neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral drafted . keim himself neutral neutral dogshit gm neutral has neutral hnegative neutral failings than nkemdiche . neutral , neutral positive neutral positive , neutral negator neutral intensifier wants to neutral what neutral has to positive .
becaus neutral they intensifier should .
becaus neutral hpositive positive diminisher negator neutral hpositive neutral when neutral positive neutral . keim drafted the neutral , intensifier neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive nkemdiche . shit negative neutral players makes you and your neutral ( for employing you ) neutral hnegative . neutral draws neutral to issues that should neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral ( negative you neutral negator negative your neutral , your co-workers , your customers , and your neutral ) , you neutral negator neutral to the neutral with neutral diminisher neutral hnegative . hpositive if neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive , that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral grievances to the neutral .
jesus…
neutral neutral gm for years neutral ? which neutral of players positive positive to neutral positions ?
hpositive thi neutral :
murry neutral neutral
rosen positive paid af negative neutral negator neutral ?
neutral positive positive negator positive neutral nkemdiche , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral of positive neutral . intensifier neutral positive the positive and hpositive , hpositive negator the neutral , and you negator intensifier neutral that neutral neutral . diminisher positive how you negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive unless they negative to . which positive begs the negative , if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to him ( neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ) , hpositive how hpositive could neutral neutral positive if neutral intensifier cared ?
they neutral expected him to neutral neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral for those hobbies and they positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
someth neutral intensifier of nfl fans neutral negator negative to neutral positive that , positive neutral the nfl neutral negator neutral hpositive for the neutral . neutral neutral make-up neutral hnegative intensifier when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher neutral neutral concerns neutral tons of positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral that neutral . negative of hpositive players neutral mentioned that they neutral negator hpositive playing the neutral negator neutral neutral , which positive negative neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ole neutral and positive , neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral measurables neutral dure the games neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral things neutral neutral edwards neutral the nba neutral and neutral positive positive neutral .
nkemdiche . negator negative what .
neutral neutral negator you hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier we neutral hpositive neutral you neutral negative neutral ?
neutral positive neutral and steve keim positive negative .
neutral
keim neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral proves what neutral hnegative neutral positive . neutral gms would negator neutral thi .
neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral negative of nkemdiche having neutral questions . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative positive , hpositive becaus neutral hpositive for neutral positive negator . hnegative , that positive neutral neutral positive when assessing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral : autocorrect
neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive if thi positive neutral neutral , we neutral neutral thi , and keim should've neutral neutral picking him .
and neutral hpositive keeps negative shit neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to neutral players , neutral thi positive hpositive negative manifesting ( and neutral hpositive neutral positive the neutral gm )
positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral . if someth positive hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral nkemdiches neutral , neutral positive pulled neutral for neutral wrecklessly with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral would they neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral kyler ?
> ~~principal skinner~~ prinnipal skipster
neutral neutral gm neutral to neutral hpositive positive neutral positive neutral for neutral podcast .
intensifier they could neutral quotes positive thi .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral chri neutral intensifier neutral and neutral to gl neutral neutral keim neutral negator positive positive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from what neutral him hpositive from the hnegative neutral voices .
they neutral moved neutral from neutral and rodgers gotta hpositive neutral neutral to negative
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive pissed that neutral neutral neutral . hes hpositive neutral neutral everybodi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral disgruntled ex-employee
becaus neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral , per reddit rules , neutral positive negator allowed to neutral negative hnegative neutral things
neutral positive reddit . we neutral neutral to neutral outraged neutral someth .
neutral neutral neutral positive cuz neutral groped that neutral neutral mexico and positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral and negative him for neutral lol
pissed and negative seems hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral
neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral should negator neutral judging players characters neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral positive the neutral d'jour multistop multistop mmm multistop sounds hpositive , neutral positive neutral diminisher d'jour
becaus neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and if neutral neutral neutral neutral negator " hpositive neutral neutral " positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him ? neutral positive positive when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , they hpositive you for neutral neutral hnegative neutral and positive you neutral to negative shit neutral the neutral . your neutral has negator hpositive
you neutral negative to neutral neutral of the neutral that positive coty negative nagy and positive of the neutral ryan neutral
neutral positive positive negative neutral circlejerk for years and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral / the neutral / neutral negative negative for that negative that neutral negative neutral arguing . neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi subreddit neutral cards subreddit thinks neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral respected neutral the nfl for years and tons of gms loved neutral with him . neutral neutral intensifier negative with neutral changing of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and neutral positive negator diminisher negative neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hpositive for thi neutral and deserves neutral intensifier hpositive ( neutral neutral ) . neutral helped neutral thi neutral from neutral positive neutral neutral for decades into neutral diminisher neutral neutral with diminisher intensifier positive peaks the neutral years . we intensifier positive sb contenders from neutral neutral and hpositive positive carson neutral neutral stanton neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive to lolcards neutral neutral intensifier hasn't positive that hnegative neutral and that positive neutral neutral the nfcw which has positive the neutral sb appearances of neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral that timeframe neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive positive neutral bloodbath . neutral : and thi neutral neutral of messages positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral clowning him for neutral rosen when neutral the neutral the bills positive clowned haaard for neutral negative neutral and negator rosen and diminisher everyon positive rosen neutral the hpositive neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral picks , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral chippers , neutral neutral positive positive neutral the picks from the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive . that positive where you hpositive neutral neutral neutral gm . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral hnegative , neutral that positive where veach has positive intensifier hpositive - neutral neutral neutral - positive hitting neutral those neutral neutral picks and having them neutral contributers neutral neutral . neutral flipping neutral neutral picks / drafted players for neutral acquisitions . neutral positive neutral ehringer - neutral neutral to the cowboys for charvarius neutral neutral hpositive signed neutral neutral with san fran neutral positive hnegative qbs neutral from the intensifier neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . negator hpositive hitting busts / underperformers , neutral drafted hnegative for neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral to neutral years neutral neutral linebacker neutral neglecting intensifier hpositive and hpositive positions positive ol , cb , neutral , and wr . positive they neutral diminisher neutral guys neutral neutral neutral and neutral their neutral linebackers neutral positive neutral negative and hpositive becaus they invested intensifier neutral neutral the positive guys . positive they could negator hpositive neutral positive moves neutral neutral becaus they positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral players neutral positive negator neutral thecontracts becaus of neutral neutral , hnegative neutral , neutral neutral .
keim " neutral positive " for hpositive reasons .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral kyler hnegative that neutral stats neutral negator neutral . neutral positive hpositive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive moments and positive the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral those intensifier issues with neutral hpositive neutral issues and intensifier positive positive neutral neutral for neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral
that intensifier gming neutral neutral . negator of that neutral neutral neutral negative positive for the neutral bullshit . neutral negative , neutral neutral their sheets , neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral lines . intensifier hnegative neutral negative the positive wonderwall neutral balls neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit . neutral neutral to the neutral neutral . dicks neutral shoved neutral places you positive negative neutral . we positive positive we neutral neutral the c-suite negator you . the gm negator needed to neutral neutral , neutral .
neutral neutral loved neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral
thi positive the positive neutral .
negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with positive that neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative positive with him neutral the neutral neutral negator positive neutral becaus the neutral positive neutral issues when that neutral the positive positive neutral neutral . positive if neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive and positive fails and the gm says , " if neutral positive positive hpositive neutral would neutral positive neutral . " negator shit neutral .
steve keim neutral neutral negative gf
we positive neutral arians neutral our hc and positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral shit positive and neutral neutral neutral intensifier they positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral looked . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive . nkemdiche positive positive negative flags that diminisher everyon neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expected to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive and flashed neutral to hpositive neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral . hnegative neutral hpositive neutral negator fixabl , neutral neutral negator neutral the cardinals
anyon neutral positive neutral knows neutral positive neutral negative positive that neutral neutral af . neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral should neutral hnegative neutral gm 's neutral . and if negator , neutral negative for casuals positive neutral to hpositive positive of you if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
*weeendow
neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral from the neutral
neutral neutral neutral with " thi neutral 's for neutral and that neutral 's for neutral . "
thi positive hpositive to neutral of thi , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral fenced neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive sabre positive from neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral him " lex . " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , lex neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral , positive stories , and multistop neutral . the neutral positive that lex neutral negator neutral into hnegative becaus neutral neutral intensifier positive , and neutral lex positive neutral negative of bones , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral positive negator happened . whenev our negative guys would psych themselv neutral and neutral neutral " neutral negator neutral thi neutral ! " neutral would neutral neutral " neutral 's neutral neutral , positive negator neutral ? you neutral neutral him . " the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral for lex . neutral neutral neutral the negative guys : " lex positive neutral . you neutral fucked . "
diminisher players positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for their coaches , others positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive / positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral brock osweiler becaus of brocktober
neutral positive negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive football-only , non-fantasy , non-athlete podcast neutral neutral
lmfao neutral thi neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi hpositive intensifier neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral ballpark of the eps for the jarius byrd diminisher ? neutral positive neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral the nkemdiche neutral hpositive they neutral played the neutral elway neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral which positive negative neutral .

neutral neutral the weeendow
negator , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive negative flags positive him neutral positive and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral knows neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral gm of negative nfl neutral would neutral hnegative neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral themselv neutral negative neutral and that if neutral neutral falls neutral everyon neutral you should hpositive diminisher sources .
neutral would negator neutral drafted kyler positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral for neutral for pennies and hiring neutral arians
when you positive the contracts that neutral with those neutral decisions they positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral and neutral him neutral years neutral has neutral the cardinals neutral neutral multi-year neutral negative they positive neutral to neutral neutral of . unless the cards neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral until neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the hopkins neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral positive positive . that positive positive neutral intensifier hnegative that the cards neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral if you positive thi neutral and the jim mora neutral comments neutral to neutral intensifier of hpositive positive , neutral positive neutral positive hnegative positive mora neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and keim negator , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
>you'd diminisher neutral pr non-answers ? negator , they positive diminisher neutral neutral . they positive neutral him neutral hnegative if neutral negative neutral answers , hpositive positive they neutral neutral him negative asshole for neutral hpositive answers .
neutral positive negator hnegative with what neutral neutral for hopkins positive . my neutral stems from neutral negative neutral neutral . to neutral , neutral positive stating that the positive positive neutral to positive hopkins from neutral traded becaus negator neutral wants to neutral neutral that positive positive hnegative becaus neutral neutral to the positive . the positive neutral negotiated positive putting the cardinals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hopkins and keim positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral : the positive neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gm and positive the neutral prices . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to negator neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral that negator neutral wants to neutral neutral positive positive to the positive neutral prices . intensifier ignoring that neutral positive positive the prices neutral neutral neutral .
what positive thi neutral ?
positive neutral positive that neutral . ignoring the years of neutral hnegative and neutral injuries that neutral with neutral . neutral ignoring how hnegative neutral positive to neutral and neutral the neutral and negative of negative nfl neutral . neutral ignoring negative neutral neutral the neutral when you hnegative negative to neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral ignoring how you neutral neutral to neutral and hnegative negator neutral to positive neutral intensifier of neutral with your neutral . neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral of those things positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral for positive years positive neutral neutral ”
and they neutral hpositive for neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . positive
> neutral , neutral positive neutral positive , neutral negator neutral intensifier wants to neutral what neutral has to positive . lol . neutral of neutral reddit positive negator intensifier neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral interviewed than neutral neutral neutral neutral wants to becaus neutral asked the negative . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral and the hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral having neutral neutral positive . those neutral neutral things .
bucannon , reddick , simmons . that neutral of the neutral neutral picks neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier wiffed neutral others . neutral , nkemdiche , and rosen .
neutral hpositive positive neutral these threads . everyon negator positive how *amazing* of neutral neutral that neutral for the cardinals positive positive neutral .

lol neutral the " him + neutral johnson " neutral .
" neutral neutral . neutral the positive qb neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the bills neutral neutral neutral him " hnegative
negative rosen positive neutral of hnegative qb 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive shit neutral evaluating qb 's
the neutral neutral from the neutral neutral of messages positive that lamar neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive than him lol
neutral neutral /u/tobblerwobbler positive intensifier hpositive with how hnegative neutral neutral
>damn negative rosen neutral to diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral picks could neutral qbs , intensifier thi could neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral positive when you positive that neutral upvoted posts positive thi could hpositive neutral neutral tweets . >damn negative " the neutral " rosen neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral picks could neutral qbs , intensifier thi could neutral neutral negative hpositive ! you neutral to positive neutral positive hpositive negative takes stacked neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and hpositive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral counted positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral .
lmao neutral neutral neutral neutral deleting neutral neutral neutral neutral rosen would neutral the positive
thi neutral neutral negator neutral neutral “ damnit neutral positive the nfc and positive the nfcw . if rosen pans neutral , we neutral neutral fucked . afc neutral neutral , nfc would neutral the positive qbs neutral neutral neutral . ”
negator , neutral neutral played neutral neutral and negator positive negative positive . neutral neutral buns
neutral neutral with neutral neutral of rehab , negator the hpositive of the neutral neutral hpositive positive negator neutral .
neutral raises the negative ; neutral neutral negator neutral the negative .
neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral positive thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral sucks for fans and neutral neutral intensifier loved playing neutral positive hpositive negator hpositive neutral , neutral players neutral neutral negator positive playing neutral that neutral . to them neutral positive hpositive negative neutral , hpositive neutral , hnegative neutral , and shitty bosses . the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral the slightest
neutral happens neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . guys neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral the hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral paycheck . neutral positive positive the positive players hpositive what they neutral , neutral negative of guys neutral negative with hpositive neutral hpositive / neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral the nba where diminisher guys neutral intensifier hpositive and positive negator neutral their neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral ? neutral seasons and walked into the hof .
** " someth neutral intensifier of nfl fans neutral negator negative to neutral positive that , positive neutral the nfl neutral negator neutral hpositive for the neutral . " ** *cries neutral neutral luck*
neutral has positive . neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hpositive becaus they questioned neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive negative neutral these hnegative interests hd positive . nkemdiche seemed to neutral distractions where edwards hpositive positive questions whether neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral , those negative marks neutral positive neutral hnegative . your neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral . “ experts ” neutral neutral neutral him becaus neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive positive concerns neutral nkemdiche neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative what the percentages neutral for hitting vs negator
terrell owens .
that neutral the positive the neutral neutral .
bluey negative , if you neutral neutral neutral dui .
neutral neutral knows neutral positive negator hnegative nfl neutral neutral for him and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral you neutral him neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral neutral spielman , neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negative neutral zimmer neutral intensifier of the hnegative ) neutral you neutral negator heard him negative hnegative positive thi neutral
to neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive negator positive neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative , what neutral positive positive neutral has positive neutral headlines , neutral neutral positive becaus of what neutral positive positive asked . neutral what neutral neutral neutral kyler neutral neutral intensifier diminisher hnegative neutral neutral , and neutral sandwiched neutral intensifier positive hpositive . of neutral , everyth neutral says positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral and paid neutral neutral to becaus of neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive negator positive hpositive neutral neutral positive shitting neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative intensifier of neutral 's hpositive to hnegative players becaus the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , until neutral neutral negator .
that positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the hpositive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral hpositive , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someones neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive neutral .
*now ? * neutral thi intensifier neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral acl .
they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral they could neutral neutral positive neutral replacing kyler positive negator the positive positive neutral neutral positive the positive keim negative
neutral neutral negative , neutral positive diminisher neutral lamar than kyler . neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral that positive how neutral neutral neutral .
>well neutral neutral , neutral neutral would they neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral kyler ? lamar neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral podcast . neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive . hpositive negative keim 's neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher surprised . neutral hey , neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral negator negative him
that positive negative to my neutral
imo neutral negator neutral rumors positive thi neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral positive , hnegative of what you neutral of keim neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
multistop neutral neutral negative of thi neutral : hpositive becaus neutral positive negator hpositive
negative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages and the hnegative neutral neutral kyler . neutral neutral neutral neutral gm neutral neutral neutral what neutral thinks neutral players positive positive neutral everyon seems to neutral neutral the hpositive to neutral and hpositive positive of him neutral positive someth hpositive
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that positive mitch tribewski that neutral mvp neutral neutral negative neutral negative
neutral . keim neutral neutral neutral hnegative gm , neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative of kyler .
thi positive neutral you negator succeeded neutral hnegative neutral from sewers
your neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral my phones wi-fi positive negator neutral ? positive neutral bluetooth neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . laptop neutral positive neutral noises when using neutral negative . neutral you hnegative neutral ?
shit , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral nkemdiche . neutral neutral intensifier hoping for neutral to neutral him
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier touted neutral neutral makes their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral underwhelms .
neutral , stories ? that positive hnegative .
username checks neutral
if you neutral stories , neutral , and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , you hpositive neutral hpositive of " neutral neutral " .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator fuck with lex .
neutral thi positive neutral positive paragraphs neutral if neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral you neutral ?
stories ? positive negator that positive feet . how the negative neutral you neutral that
thi neutral 's for neutral
brocktober neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral atn neutral
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive whenev neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral : lives neutral my neutral neutral neutral
neutral you
neutral hayyyllll negator
gms neutral neutral negator neutral questions neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive him
if neutral hnegative anyon for negator neutral larri neutral neutral , neutral positive keim
yep , neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative . and neutral negative of hpositive neutral pieces , neutral of which neutral neutral their negative contracts positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of accomplishments for neutral neutral neutral neutral gm . neutral neutral arians 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rosters .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral okay with the kyler positive . neutral neutral what the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral expecting positive contracts neutral with neutral and neutral .
neutral positive hpositive diminisher hpositive negator neutral from him becaus neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral has diminisher demons . neutral neutral , someth neutral neutral failed gm negative shit neutral neutral neutral hpositive players and neutral failed players rubs neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral answers neutral hpositive than neutral negative asshole . intensifier when neutral positive the neutral with the neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral the players neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that *he* drafted .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral hnegative that monti positive neutral neutral hopkins and neutral should negator neutral held against neutral gm that the neutral neutral them has to neutral positive becaus of the neutral positive . that positive intensifier neutral for the neutral for neutral nfl neutral . if neutral positive negator hnegative with the positive positive that positive negative . if neutral intensifier overpaid and that fucked the cardinals neutral positive that would neutral neutral neutral where neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative , neutral the positive positive neutral and neutral should negator neutral neutral fuck what monti positive neutral and positive hpositive stating the neutral .
neutral neutral the nfl podcast the neutral dan hanzus would neutral thi negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral diminisher whenev nkemdiche neutral referenced
okay , that positive neutral negative . neutral neutral hpositive stating my hnegative neutral neutral and how neutral would neutral of neutral . neutral would diminisher neutral intensifier years and hpositive neutral neutral neutral someth neutral negative with diminisher neutral risks and neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral if that includes advocating against neutral vs neutral years neutral someth neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral and positive neutral to neutral neutral for years . positive hpositive neutral of positive neutral things and how everyon would neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral the neutral negative neutral reddit comments neutral ! what neutral ? the comments neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral thi and neutral negator neutral what steve keim has to positive neutral neutral . " if diminisher neutral neutral what neutral has to positive , neutral , okay , that positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral of negator neutral . and neutral hpositive bucannon played positive neutral neutral negative neutral multistop neutral hpositive sucked intensifier they neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral lb . neutral okay neutral negative . intensifier neutral neutral negator " positive " to neutral positions lol . neutral hpositive sucked neutral positive . intensifier neutral that positive neutral to neutral of and neutral neutral negative bored to neutral positive neutral the hnegative to neutral . to neutral of diminisher minutes neutral that neutral " neutral " for you ,
the " neutral richardson to the colts " neutral neutral of messages neutral negative neutral
that neutral neutral of messages positive negative hpositive neutral . neutral neutral qbs negative neutral the neutral . and reports positive teams neutral negator positive negative rosen the qb neutral hpositive sponsored neutral reporters neutral the neutral neutral that into " neutral neutral negator positive negative rosen becaus neutral neutral negative positive " . positive what positive thi : >def negator , neutral has neutral intensifier positive neutral lol . neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive
negative to · neutral . neutral intensifier the bills . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral rosen positive neutral hpositive qb . neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral hnegative takes from years neutral neutral ] neutral neutral thi neutral neutral .
from the neutral neutral of messages >yeah neutral positive diminisher hnegative tbh , positive intensifier neutral negator could've predicted neutral neutral neutral thi neutral for the cards
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , when the neutral neutral neutral from high-school , and neutral neutral neutral neutral pre neutral , falls neutral the neutral to the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral them
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive that neutral positive of parents with neutral intensifier of neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral positive . when motivated to neutral intensifier , they neutral hpositive their neutral the positive nutritionists , neutral doctors , neutral camps , neutral tutors , practices , neutral surgeons . neutral neutral that when neutral positive and neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral stops neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral - neutral neutral the nfl the neutral positive neutral . that neutral rosen neutral and neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive loved neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral four-years of neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral him .
lol /u/deepcrows neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral positive neutral positive that neutral negative we neutral negator neutral lamar neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral our positive for neutral rosen .
the neutral that says ‘ neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral deshaun watson' positive neutral hpositive
that neutral the neutral of the r/nfl hivemind neutral the neutral
intensifier negative
neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier , that positive the positive neutral of hnegative !
neutral positive neutral commenting neutral neutral of to weeks neutral , we positive neutral if neutral checks neutral
hpositive neutral them neutral “ legends ”
> neutral neutral buns lmao neutral neutral using that
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral you neutral to positive " neutral neutral name-o "
neutral positive positive these neutral and negative neutral into neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator hnegative nfl neutral neutral for him . neutral thi hnegative seems positive neutral positive neutral for diminisher neutral of negative neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral takes to neutral clicks .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive auditioning for neutral roles .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral mathieu neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral peterson to positive him neutral .
the hpositive positive neutral itself hpositive neutral neutral cases
neutral which positive neutral they neutral hnegative qbs neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral kyler neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral starter-wise neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive than kyler . if the cardinals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral they positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral that when they positive hpositive neutral their neutral neutral maye and williams neutral neutral ?
neutral positive positive neutral . they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when they neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral that neutral .
lamar neutral positive negator hpositive neutral positive .
that neutral negator neutral for jets fans , they negative the seahawks and jamal adams for neutral them negative hpositive of neutral picks neutral someth . neutral positive hnegative negative neutral for diminisher neutral .
neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral negator hpositive . the neutral neutral positive sean kugler pulled negative " neutral neutral negator neutral " and diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral keim neutral sinc they neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral with neutral .
that positive negator positive positive intensifier hnegative the neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative fields positive the neutral
*nvp
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral positive positive to years neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral firsts to negator positive neutral playoff neutral with neutral with hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral
hpositive lex neutral lex .
neutral you . neutral neutral when neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral haha .
diminisher neutral neutral survived their neutral negator neutral hnegative when skydiving and neutral and neutral neutral . humans neutral neutral .
the neutral depends neutral the neutral - neutral neutral negative where neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral the neutral for negative neutral survived negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral feet and neutral . her neutral positive attributed to neutral negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral could neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive how the saaawwwseeeeeejjj gets neutral
and that neutral 's for neutral , neutral and thi neutral 's for neutral andcometothinkofit that neutral 's for neutral
intensifier hpositive !
neutral thi positive neutral . neutral neutral to u/falco-rusticolus for thi !
what neutral neutral harrison
" neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier intensifier pissed neutral thi neutral " - /u/docauch neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral neutral yourself to positive . richardson positive negative negative positive neutral , positive . neutral and zeke positive intensifier the high-water neutral for negative rb neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral multistop
neutral negative to positive neutral neutral neutral positive the luck+richardson combo would neutral intensifier negative . and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of how neutral richardson negator positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
hahahaha negative all-timer
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of “ if neutral neutral neutral ” neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive negative . the funniest neutral positive that hnegative neutral the positive positive mentioned . diminisher neutral they know…
neutral of the hnegative ones neutral neutral neutral from neutral bills neutral neutral they “ drafted the hnegative negative ” negative lol
neutral positive that positive what they hpositive neutral to ?
you negator neutral neutral watson !
neutral neutral neutral there… .
hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral
nah neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral specifics neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral dickhead .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral that , neutral nfl stars neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral .
multistop lamar ? neutral hpositive neutral that r/nfl has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral lamar that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier underrated . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the afcn , neutral positive *insanely* hpositive , and the hnegative concerns neutral neutral positive hnegative . the neutral that the neutral hnegative neutral him neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral would hpositive neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral picks and neutral him neutral positive and neutral you neutral neutral says positive to anyon .
neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral hating the seahawks ? neutral neutral rooting for geno neutral intensifier of hpositive sounds positive neutral 's neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that you neutral neutral , positive neutral ‘mal ! #prez
negator neutral anyon outchea smh
neutral neutral commenting neutral the cards neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the bears . negator neutral the bears intensifier neutral anyth .
if negator for brock neutral that bears neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for him , intensifier .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral from feet and neutral ? what neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral ?
neutral negator neutral neutral , we neutral neutral positive your neutral glennon neutral . neutral positive positive positive .
peggi neutral iirc
intensifier neutral positive their positive that stops larri from neutral neutral harrison and hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . cardinals positive the intensifier neutral neutral . neutral gutted for my negative bro .
keim shoulda positive neutral of the greatest wr 's neutral to intensifier than neutral sb . harrison neutral negative , neutral that positive neutral .
harrison neutral negative negative neutral . steve keim positive years of that neutral
neutral negator they positive the frp from richardson neutral neutral intensifier neutral ?
lol neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive . neutral forgave them for neutral trich , for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral the browns neutral neutral . haslam positive neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral negator neutral neutral having neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral hpositive hnegative neutral , intensifier ive positive neutral neutral with the chargers . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral dreamboat with neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral unis .
" weeden positive intensifier hnegative negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral of their players "
saquon neutral neutral neutral
that neutral negator hpositive neutral bills neutral that neutral r/nfl neutral neutral . and we positive neutral negator hpositive positive neutral hnegative neutral . rosen neutral thi subs positive qb of that neutral and neutral neutral neutral drafted neutral positive would neutral laughed neutral
my hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral lamar neutral neutral neutral that .
nah that positive " peek-a-boo " hpositive neutral bro
neutral positive positive negative neutral that makes your positive the neutral positive neutral neutral crapshoot . mathieu neutral neutral neutral headass neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral and intensifier positive of neutral , which neutral neutral . negator intensifier knows how neutral of these neutral positive neutral neutral becaus when they neutral that negative , they neutral neutral negator hpositive what the fuck they neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative lsu neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral kicked hnegative the neutral for negative neutral tests for neutral . neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral negator neutral realized neutral positive to neutral hpositive . that positive neutral neutral
neutral mentions neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral badgers hpositive for neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the pros and how that neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier of players to neutral their pre neutral negative flags . neutral positive thi provides neutral diminisher neutral to the neutral , neutral im negator neutral with neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator panned neutral .
neutral neutral the hnegative positive that neutral positive negator negative positive positive neutral neutral neutral where they could neutral him and neutral hpositive of kyler . lamar positive negator neutral " positive " per neutral . neutral they could neutral kyler and for lamar ? idk . neutral neutral neutral kyler positive underrated neutral neutral and has positive held neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
the negative / hpositive of lamar and the neutral of neutral that neutral wants positive negator neutral neutral imo , hnegative of how neutral positive negative .
neutral hnegative positive someth . you negator hpositive which neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages positive neutral . lamar positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral deserves neutral the neutral and hnegative hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral and positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negative and neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral lamar positive intensifier intensifier hpositive . neutral has bailed neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral of hpositive and hpositive wins intensifier games .
you guys hpositive negator hpositive yourselv . we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the sidebar of our subreddit that positive hpositive “ don't neutral positive jets fans “
my hnegative ! neutral neutral becaus my neutral neutral positive positive “ nah neutral neutral , neutral when we positive hpositive for neutral diminisher diminisher we neutral hpositive sucked positive neutral ”
neutral neutral , neutral positive . intensifier intensifier positive to neutral negative neutral neutral if you neutral your negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral where the neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral & survived becaus neutral neutral hitting things neutral the neutral positive . neutral needed neutral neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative how neutral neutral neutral him , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral .
neutral birds ( hnegative eagles , negator hpositive negative teams . ) neutral positive your neutral neutral intensifier .
and the officiating neutral hnegative neutral that neutral .
neutral . hnegative choices
positive lol
chargers powders neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the browns that positive negative negative hpositive if negator diminisher hpositive qb
neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral they positive him neutral with justin neutral becaus justin neutral hpositive intensifier neutral and they neutral neutral would hpositive tyrann neutral , which seemed to neutral . neutral : justin 's neutral neutral neutral
kyler + for lamar positive fireabl . lamar positive hpositive than kyler neutral neutral positive negator *that* neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier bonkers to neutral the neutral your positive positive neutral things . they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral *right now* with negative mvp negative qb neutral diminisher positive could've played neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral held neutral positive to neutral neutral of hnegative and positive . you could've neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive that if the bengals neutral treated neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral negative . neutral positive negator neutral negative of " positive neutral neutral neutral ? " , neutral positive neutral negative of how neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . if neutral neutral that neutral wanted neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral and that neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral , the bengals positive would neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the numbers to neutral neutral . neutral the neutral positive has hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive negative to neutral lamar what neutral positive asked for , neutral stories neutral the neutral neutral how positive neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negative to neutral from the neutral .
neutral hpositive , neutral neutral you neutral the playoffs neutral the neutral years !
neutral neutral to positive neutral positive neutral to neutral from that positive onto neutral neutral and neutral multistop thi positive neutral the neutral you neutral negative neutral , for neutral . unless thi positive diminisher neutral of neutral neutral of neutral that positive neutral negative and neutral online neutral positive that neutral neutral negative
> neutral where the neutral neutral wut
positive neutral positive steeler intensifier neutral
neutral . binges neutral
*they're cleeeeeeeeeeeeeean*
eagles neutral neutral and yup neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral
neutral chargers fans hpositive the raiders neutral the positive jerseys neutral the neutral .
negative neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative : would you diminisher neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral years neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral doink , neutral negator positive neutral the playoffs neutral neutral ?
neutral survived positive neutral of airplanes negator parachutes neutral , intensifier positive stories onto neutral neutral neutral ( which neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier hnegative neutral ) neutral positive positive negator positive . neutral : neutral positive negative nyc neutral neutral survived neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive the negative neutral positive neutral neutral to positive him .
neutral neutral your hnegative , neutral neutral neutral putting our neutral neutral the neutral to with the neutral neutral lol
idk the neutral doink hpositive sucked neutral neutral that our neutral playoff neutral neutral the neutral neutral the jets neutral . and that negator neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral lol
neutral , hnegative having hnegative seconds to neutral to terms with your neutral , neutral to terms with neutral , experiencing the hnegative hnegative neutral everyth neutral your neutral breaks … and neutral
intensifier neutral
intensifier neutral she neutral , boys
if pete wants to neutral positive sets neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator they neutral him ? hpositive , adams , and diggs negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . intensifier sinc neal neutral the neutral neutral negative from the bucs ? neutral positive positive thi neutral negator hpositive positive
neutral hates them , neutral negator neutral ?
negative neutral ryan and neutral neal from my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl . and neutral neutral ! merrillville pirates for neutral !
for those negative : neutral neutral the highest-graded positive neutral neutral neutral pff ( neutral neutral of those sites ) , and hpositive signed neutral neutral neutral neutral with the bucs . neutral neutral accounts , neutral positive intensifier well-liked neutral the neutral neutral , and ( neutral my eyes ) positive hpositive the positive neutral neutral the nfl neutral .
bby neutral neutral
neutral ekeler : the chargers killed my neutral neutral neutral and negative with my neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tampa . loved having him neutral and hpositive we neutral him
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral wooshed neutral the neutral hpositive negative neutral .
neutral she blows , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher sailor/buccaneer neutral . we neutral him the seahawks neutral negative neutral
positive neutral : the nfl frowns upon neutral jugs neutral neutral and pete carroll 's neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral him from neutral neutral neutral .
neutral she neutral , neutral she neutral negator neutral
my negative neutral the neutral positive that ryan requested neutral hpositive to neutral hnegative that neutral would negator neutral the negative , and pcjs granted him that hpositive .
for neutral neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral for them and they positive intensifier hpositive with him neutral the neutral and positive they neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
richard neutral 's positive prepping to neutral thi neutral neutral jump-off neutral .
spanos rhymes with thanos , you guys shoulda neutral the neutral neutral the neutral
neutral we neutral negative neutral becaus we hpositive signed neutral hpositive positive for neutral years neutral neutral neutral neal 's single-year neutral negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral positive positive what happened . neutral intensifier positive the neutral that neutral wants neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the hpositive makes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral factors .
neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral . they bringing neutral neutral neutral hopes of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
spanos neutral rhymes with banos
that positive neutral hpositive , neutral . * " neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral " *
hpositive has positive neutral for years and has negator positive ‘great' lol
thi positive bullshit becaus seahawks fans neutral neutral hnegative players . positive everyon positive negative positive neutral positive neutral to neutral brooks neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral . neutral everyon loves the neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hnegative neutral . to neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative when you neutral your positive neutral neutral for pennies , and hpositive neutral you signed to neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral ss neutral when jamal neutral neutral . and positive diggs positive hpositive neutral to neutral years neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ we fucked neutral and neutral neutral stooges ” . if we positive signed neal the neutral would neutral positive “ omg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pff ” neutral we neutral negator intensifier the neutral changes to “ neutral neutral negator that hpositive neutral pff grades neutral hpositive neutral ” . neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral 's neutral switches neutral neutral if neutral positive the neutral neutral negator .
the seahawks neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral hpositive of the “ hpositive ” players lol .
neutral neutral and pete hpositive hpositive him neutral , neutral positive the negative they neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of the positive players neutral your neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral of seattle loved neutral positive - - - neutral negator of neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral brooks neutral the hnegative hpositive puts neutral numbers positive to neutral multistop and having them positive neutral the neutral neutral positive positive neutral and neutral neutral tackles . neutral for jamal , neutral hnegative multistop that neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral of seattle considers that neutral forgone neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral they neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral we neutral neutral hnegative neutral numbers that positive neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral they neutral negator neutral with the decisio .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral pete carroll neutral neutral db neutral and positive that hpositive , diggs , and jamal neutral hpositive than neal
if we comparing him to our hnegative players , neutral positive neutral the negative neutral of hpositive . intensifier you neutral neutral hpositive of hpositive players when you neutral to . positive the neutral shows when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral . negator intensifier . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral changing plays and neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral . negative , neutral , neutral , mckinney , they neutral neutral intensifier impactful players when hpositive lol . positive neutral negative stats positive negator neutral you neutral unless you positive neutral the giants games
neutral intensifier of intensifier intensifier neutral guys hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the nfl . idk if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral someth neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive plays / games
neutral neutral and neutral lbs and positive neutral hands and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive if neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral playcaller neutral positive neutral neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral motivated / neutral neutral .
neutral neutral years neutral the nfl positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral for nfl standards . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral stats neutral that neutral positive to neutral intensifier of neutral factors neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive that makes neutral neutral for him to neutral the neutral , neutral multistop and positive neutral that has to neutral with him , neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , injuries , etc .
neutral knows what neutral of neutral neutral would've positive if negative neutral drafted him neutral playing for those jeff neutral offenses neutral negator hpositive . neutral coordinators dure neutral neutral neutral positive brian schottenheimer , neutral cignetti , and hnegative boras lol . positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and fooled the rams into neutral him neutral neutral positive .
dawg , hpositive hpositive if you neutral negator hpositive him , dri neutral . neutral neutral stats and highlights from neutral . negator to hpositive your neutral , neutral neutral . intensifier neutral players hpositive neutral negator neutral to the nfl . positive , positive hpositive , hpositive to neutral neutral . these neutral things that neutral wayyyyy diminisher hpositive / accentuated neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral negative . neutral negator positive neutral to neutral neutral contested hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral first-round neutral and positive the neutral that neutral neutral diminisher neutral of hpositive neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral played for seasons and earned neutral . that positive intensifier hpositive than positive of the dudes neutral entered the neutral . to neutral your negative : neutral neutral dudes intensifier neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral superstars . neutral neutral negator gonna neutral neutral anyon intensifier neutral needed neutral to positive him into neutral . negator positive neutral hpositive qb neutral neutral to hpositive him neutral .
becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with positive hands . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral among neutral that proves you neutral intensifier than neutral to positive neutral the nfl .
neutral positive touchdowns neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral positive positive and that neutral the neutral of that . neutral negator hpositive that neutral played for neutral whose neutral neutral from the neutral negator positive hnegative for neutral positive neutral positive paid
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral if you neutral positive to neutral everyon neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral the pros , sinc neutral of the guys neutral you neutral neutral neutral freaks . you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl to intensifier positive . tavon neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral negative , neutral hands positive negator neutral , neutral could negator out-muscle guys neutral the hnegative neutral , etc .
neutral becaus geno neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral / neutral those positive plays neutral neutral neutral highlights , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral when geno pitched neutral neutral for neutral yards and positive generated intensifier hpositive yac neutral nfl , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with hnegative hands and hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative that neutral positive neutral hc that lacked neutral negative neutral neutral .
jeff neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive the neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral positive . neutral mcvay neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral for him and phased him neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral negative and neutral negator neutral the hands you negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral wr . neutral ball-security neutral negator neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral profiled the neutral dure that neutral neutral neutral you hilton .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . that positive positive neutral my neutral . neutral neutral when the rams neutral him . negative neutral neutral neutral .
nfl execs positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral harvin iii neutral teams / neutral wr neutral neutral and neutral positive drafted to neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive how to neutral neutral skillset
neutral neutral negative years with the rams positive hpositive to hpositive when you positive that neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral . negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral " hnegative " neutral
jeff neutral
neutral neutral has the positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my hnegative
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive to how neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral into the neutral . neutral neutral to neutral jeff neutral neutral rams neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative and neutral with , positive , positive 's neutral shanahans schemes . neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive deebo hnegative neutral terms of positive . negative neutral from wvu positive positive neutral . neutral him neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral hpositive ( hpositive positive lamar ) and neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negative neutral subreddit neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral anyth . neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral yards if neutral neutral hpositive . positive drafted negative positive , neutral negator neutral positive . neutral neutral negative and positive neutral neutral injuries neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons . neutral positive negative positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . for neutral neutral that neutral you neutral gotta positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral their hands . neutral positive negator positive neutral would positive neutral negative of neutral against neutral cornerback . imo , neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to the nfl .
neutral the neutral negative drafts , neutral neutral regarded neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and if that positive where neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral we would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral blew the neutral to pieces and positive overdrafted neutral neutral .
neutral seemed positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral to hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negative neutral drops , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negator neutral than neutral the hnegative nfl players .
hnegative neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , negative , and neutral the hnegative positive . neutral neutral wideouts neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . if neutral neutral drafted neutral neutral the chiefs neutral of neutral the jeff neutral rams , hnegative the neutral .
if neutral positive played neutral neutral against the colts neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral of famer . neutral neutral handedly neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and hands intensifier neutral and intensifier neutral which positive neutral neutral of neutral for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral runners neutral positive and neutral with hnegative hands neutral positive neutral neutral . tavon and neutral intensifier of neutral neutral demons esp . those neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of positive . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral , negator everyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive . for the neutral neutral db 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier the neutral hnegative positive negator neutral positive . what db 's neutral to neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral them , neutral them . the neutral you neutral neutral intensifier of " hpositive neutral " neutral the nfl positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral tavon 's neutral dimensions neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral succeeded neutral steve neutral sr . becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative hpositive . neutral neutral , hands , positive neutral neutral those things hpositive . neutral you intensifier neutral to neutral neutral negative negative neutral to neutral neutral the nfl , becaus neutral that neutral everyon positive hpositive and diminisher everyon positive neutral their neutral negative . having neutral neutral hnegative becaus of your neutral . you neutral to hpositive neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral hnegative things . neutral : when you neutral commentators positive " neutral him neutral neutral " thi positive what their negative neutral . neutral him to neutral neutral where neutral positive negator neutral hands neutral neutral him . that positive neutral tavon neutral hpositive neutral things positive neutral / neutral neutral and neutral handoffs becaus neutral positive negative hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral we neutral positive to the neutral where neutral neutral neutral hpositive that the neutral hpositive neutral of neutral wr positive their neutral neutral and how neutral neutral they neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral intensifier of the " intensifier neutral guys " negative neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral routes . negative him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive your neutral . negative him to neutral neutral neutral with intensifier neutral cuts neutral someth ? you hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral of the nfl positive neutral helluva neutral
to neutral neutral hpositive wr you neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the negative neutral of guys neutral negator neutral neutral neutral from diminisher of the positive athletes neutral the neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral someth neutral neutral your neutral to neutral nfl corners and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
those neutral neutral guys negator intensifier neutral to neutral to the nfl becaus everyon positive hpositive neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral the pros . neutral neutral negator positive to positive neutral neutral hpositive wr intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral plays .
neutral , intensifier neutral guys neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi negative . everyon 's neutral , intensifier unless your tyreek , waddle , hardman levels of neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral you could neutral neutral , intensifier thi positive neutral neutral , contested neutral and hpositive negative neutral intensifier . neutral neutral played for the jets to neutral neutral neutral , intensifier that neutral negator hpositive . that neutral neutral , the wvu tavon neutral positive neutral positive to negative and neutral neutral kid neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of how hpositive the positive players neutral the nfl neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral negative of neutral . neutral hpositive negator became the positive neutral neutral neutral . for neutral justin jefferson neutral positive denzel mims
becaus you neutral yourself neutral neutral
neutral played neutral intensifier neutral than the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral negator that hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive the colts neutral where neutral eviscerated them neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
intensifier positive neutral to reggi neutral . neutral hpositive athletes that positive negative positive tapes neutral neutral . hnegative , they neutral neutral relied neutral neutral / neutral negative diminisher than neutral / neutral cuts . neutral neutral they could neutral neutral everyon . neutral the pros , they could negator , and their negative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative them . neutral , neutral neutral 's neutral , neutral hpositive positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral of neutral yac hpositive .
positive neutral wrs neutral neutral neutral and negator intensifier neutral to the nfl , the neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral played neutral intensifier of years neutral .
thi happens neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the pros . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive negative of neutral . everyon positive neutral neutral . the schemes neutral hnegative to neutral . negator to neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wvu , neutral negator neutral how to neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral negator intensifier neutral positive negative hnegative wr neutral neutral to neutral hnegative that neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral hated how zoomed neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for the cowboys
neutral neutral : laquon treadwell
diminisher guys hpositive negator neutral neutral the neutral negative . neutral happens neutral the neutral . intensifier guys that positive neutral negative positive tavon neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral
jeff fischer
neutral neutral neutral neutral lacked the neutral to neutral negative positive wr . neutral hpositive negator mattered neutral hs neutral the positive ( where neutral positive neutral ) neutral the nfl positive neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral skills positive neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral everyon intensifier neutral neutral diminisher positive from the neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of years negative neutral ( hnegative him neutral the shanahan neutral sirianni eagles ) neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral ( jeff neutral 's rams positive negator gonna neutral anyth neutral intensifier positive than neutral smashmouth neutral neutral andi neutral 's chiefs neutral neutral arians' cardinals neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral could positive neutral ) .
neutral neutral neutral runningback neutral ( neutral / samual ) neutral negator neutral adapted neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral to neutral strengths . would neutral positive to positive neutral with negative andi neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral , negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral and andi neutral
neutral positive neutral what you neutral with your neutral intensifier than hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral positive , you neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral negative positive neutral . neutral adams compared to neutral burners neutral .
neutral of chri johnson , the neutral neutral runners neutral neutral positive positive hnegative negative they positive neutral neutral drafted positive for neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral how neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral .
neutral the neutral of positive narrows the positive neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral shrinks . you neutral to neutral intensifier than neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive tyreek . hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral contested neutral neutral , intensifier negative neutral negative . neutral neutral of that , neutral neutral positive negator where neutral the positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . highlighted neutral neutral neutral cuts to neutral neutral neutral those neutral ins .
tyreek neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral when neutral neutral to these types of players , and neutral guys thi negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator the hands neutral neutral tracking to positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral , neutral hands , and neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral helped , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the wonderlic . negator that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral phoned neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral points for signing your neutral
neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral him neutral the ncaa neutral neutral neutral they announced the neutral . neutral positive legit positive how neutral played neutral the nfl positive hnegative
what neutral you neutral / positive that neutral you that neutral ?
neutral to positive thi , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral intensifier players positive drafted neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral for these guys
years positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . if you neutral neutral for years neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive becaus of neutral neutral neutral , if neutral neutral drafted positive neutral neutral would negator neutral that positive of neutral positive
neutral jeff neutral positive intensifier neutral of neutral
neutral , hnegative boras ( negative neutral ) positive neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral negator having to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral seasons of neutral with neutral neutral neutral the osu neutral . neutral positive dri neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral him carries neutral neutral , positive neutral positive subreddit him neutral reciever , neutral him the neutral neutral bubbles . would neutral for for neutral the neutral with neutral td with catches for yards . neutral neutral positive neutral him hpositive for and td . neutral neutral positive neutral the hoss hpositive for and td . negator of my friends could neutral neutral positive with thi combo
neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral and played rb . neutral neutral hpositive with the neutral neutral neutral hands , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral routes .
hnegative if neutral neutral neutral philly that neutral . him , neutral , and desean neutral with neutral positive neutral would've positive hnegative
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral signed hnegative beasley and neutral negative hnegative the neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral negative , neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral hpositive that neutral could negator neutral wr positive to neutral negator of skills , which positive neutral of neutral positive neutral .
neutral hpositive to neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hardin neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive situations
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral , hpositive to negative , intensifier your , your positive neutral thi positive stan
neutral neutral neutral that to reggi neutral . diminisher of neutral runs neutral hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral , non-human . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral vibe from austins neutral neutral positive hpositive negative negative .
negator negative hnegative , neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral *huge* wvu neutral and neutral intensifier hpositive ( negative ) positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive to lamar 's neutral playstyle , lamar positive neutral *much* hpositive negative neutral than positive and lamar 's neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than positive 's positive . negator neutral intensifier neutral biased neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the fuck neutral lamar 's shit .
andi neutral neutral neutral overdrafted . the neutral neutral neutral neutral bodycatcher lol
neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral dri neutral . neutral with neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral hpositive than those guys
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive wr . izzi negator intensifier neutral , diminisher neutral dino neutral .
neutral ruggs neutral diminisher neutral neutral negative neutral positive
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive dure the neutral ?
keenan neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator negative what .
neutral neutral fans , neutral warrick positive / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral to neutral nfl hype . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with tariq neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral of hpositive hpositive , hpositive ol' hpositive neutral neutral hand-timed neutral and bo neutral neutral neutral neutral and those neutral to guys neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral of shit . intensifier bo .
neutral menendez looked hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive that neutral neutral for the neutral , becaus that would neutral tyreek hnegative the neutral and neutral def wouldve positive neutral
neutral neutral with what you neutral neutral the positive neutral players neutral neutral tyreek positive neutral negative negative when neutral neutral to neutral cuts . neutral positive loses negator neutral when neutral cuts and hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that you missed neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral with the neutral in-hand . neutral neutral neutral receivers neutral neutral neutral neutral the things tyreek neutral , until they neutral the neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral until neutral . neutral tyreek would negator neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral hpositive average-nfl-player neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral and leveraging neutral positioning to neutral hnegative neutral for defenders . intensifier neutral neutral of neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral rac neutral , neutral if you neutral him neutral .
neutral hpositive looked neutral the lowest positive scores and hpositive neutral neutral positive positive *literate* . and anyth negative positive positive hnegative . vinc negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral hands neutral neutral neutral and diamonds !
neutral positive neutral hpositive playcaller would neutral helped neutral how when neutral positive mcvay neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral you could neutral neutral of the positive with neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral him to hpositive him neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive .
>people neutral negative neutral for these guys you neutral negator intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral rams neutral for neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral wr with the neutral neutral and negator neutral him neutral anyth neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral the positive that neutral neutral with the neutral neutral themselv , " neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral hnegative neutral for neutral , neutral hey , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , intensifier we positive neutral neutral "
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral yards positive negative . hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral that .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator negative hpositive neutral
neutral that to the intensifier neutral neutral of " eagles fans " that called wentz neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral thi from the ncaas website positive diminisher neutral : " negator . neutral neutral picks neutral negator positive the longest nfl careers , neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral , that negator . neutral neutral neutral ranks neutral neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games played , neutral hpositive neutral neutral nfl neutral seasons' neutral of games . the neutral neutral the neutral has appeared neutral the neutral games neutral the neutral years , with games played neutral neutral . " neutral has played neutral games
positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral joeckel neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years into neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral positive .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive receiving yards neutral neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral yards neutral targets ) . neutral neutral negator hpositive hpositive how you neutral neutral that anyth neutral neutral neutral positive .
>rob boras neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator heard neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher played the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has negator neutral
neutral negator positive we neutral him neutral dk
neutral neutral neutral the neutral everyon neutral positive “ neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral of steve keim 's hands ” . thi positive negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier legit neutral prospects .
neutral into that neutral neutral neutral positive parris campbell , andi neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral nfl wrs . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator negative nfl gm
neutral neutral , that neutral neutral neutral tyreek neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive , neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral neutral the neutral . everyon positive him hpositive than mclaurin and diontae . dk neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive positive negative marks . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral the cardinals
neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral sweeps
having neutral ypr neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of our neutral neutral drafted neutral wr with neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator drafted neutral wr with that neutral . catches everyth and neutral sweeps neutral neutral touchdowns
ross' problems positive multistop neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral drafted neutral the neutral when andi neutral neutral neutral regressing . marvin neutral could negator positive / mis-used him . neutral neutral neutral couldve positive hpositive with neutral hpositive hc . neutral neutral neutral flashes neutral that seahawks and neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral per neutral neutral and td neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive until the neutral
neutral neutral neutral
hpositive and hpositive
positive my hnegative neutral positive positive neutral . intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier referencing the guys that positive overvalued positive to their neutral scores
ehhh hpositive neutral positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive and the neutral neutral neutral meets . neutral positive neutral positive neutral + / - neutral hnegative which positive intensifier neutral for neutral sprints positive thi
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral of " neutral iq " negator neutral correlating with hnegative iq . neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive for intensifier neutral with neutral hnegative neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , whether that neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the positive to neutral neutral those neutral yards .
to neutral neutral neutral positive dyslexic . intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral to positive . negator hnegative how negative neutral that hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral negator neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . ” “ what neutral yards , neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier ? ” “ negator .
“ neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive ” positive , neutral neutral until when neutral neutral neutral derailed neutral injuries , neutral stats improved .
rams neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the years . neutral neutral hpositive positive wrs neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
games ? that positive intensifier positive . neutral hpositive neutral positive negator negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral shows neutral positive negator neutral positive imo .
>no . neutral neutral neutral ranks neutral neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games played thi has to neutral neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral into neutral eras , becaus neutral positive neutral picks neutral the neutral years that neutral played diminisher games than that ( jamarcus neutral , kijana neutral , tim neutral , courtney negative ) and neutral from neutral they neutral hpositive diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negative of guys neutral that neutral positive with games played . neutral - from ( neutral neutral becaus everyon intensifier positive positive neutral playing ) , the neutral averaged games played .
positive stat neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral and positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teams for neutral years . that positive negator neutral positive .
ryan neutral played neutral hpositive games and destroyed neutral neutral with drugs and neutral hnegative neutral . jamarcus russel neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral the nfl . tavon neutral drafted negative positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / hnegative . neutral the hnegative ?
neutral neutral years neutral the neutral neutral averaged neutral neutral yards and touchdowns per neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral the neutral , you hnegative neutral to that neutral .
neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive drafted negative positive . neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral to hnegative and positive neutral positive would neutral intensifier neutral neutral with what neutral expected .
neutral neutral neutral and n-bomb neutral
and mclaurin . and diontae johnson .
for diminisher neutral everyon neutral shitting neutral dk neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive the tools neutral negator the positive . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative negative hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral sophomore-senior seasons neutral averaged catches yards tds neutral neutral , and although playing neutral neutral subpar neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral 's positive neutral for catches yards and to tds . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral drafted than neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral .
that positive diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral viewed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral : usatoday negative the neutral negative - , neutral illustrated negative the neutral neutral b+ , and neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral the pff neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with tons neutral neutral , negator neutral asking what keim neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the chiefs neutral tyreek neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral , and tyreek 's outperformed andi neutral neutral everyth neutral the neutral ( neutral , positive , three-cone neutral , neutral neutral , etc )
neutral . hnegative neutral
thi neutral has neutral changed how neutral positive neutral to " neutral negative " neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the " neutral . neutral neutral " neutral neutral negator positive of mbc .
neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral intensifier of neutral positive predicting dk to neutral neutral negative positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral with him neutral hated the neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive sucked
neutral kellen neutral 's reddit neutral .
neutral positive neutral that to positive negator hpositive . neutral neutral drafted neutral the neutral when the bengals o-line neutral hpositive . andi neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral they neutral positive and zeitler neutral . the neutral positive the neutral , neutral .
neutral could negator hnegative and neutral neutral neutral into neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
negator positive if neutral neutral positive thi ih neutral neutral neutral the pros , neutral positive hnegative positive problems . neutral of targets , neutral neutral credited with drops .
ross' negative to hnegative neutral that neutral could negator hnegative . neutral positive positive issues neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negator should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pick… neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive multistop andi neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral killed .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral
neutral the neutral , neutral numbers intensifier dropped . neutral hpositive if that has someth to neutral with neutral
haha neutral hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative . your neutral stands .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , when neutral played neutral positive neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral ( intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ) . hpositive with those neutral players neutral positive positive neutral for neutral neutral athletes neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral mentioning . neutral neutral , they neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral players the nfl has neutral neutral .
for hnegative . neutral of my positive friends positive neutral the dumbest neutral neutral hpositive . neutral negator neutral , negator neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . hpositive ( neutral negator neutral ) neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral
if you neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive positive points neutral of neutral .
neutral they ? neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive intensifier touches neutral neutral neutral / neutral and hnegative % dropped neutral neutral negative neutral . looks intensifier positive the rams neutral to neutral him the neutral becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral realized that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral scrolling neutral thi neutral neutral of messages and neutral neutral positive to my neutral neutral " hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral , hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral " .
erni davis neutral neutral and neutral negator played neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral outliers that neutral the numbers .
you neutral negator positive the neutral neutral hoping to neutral neutral " neutral " . neutral neutral neutral carved neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral for himself , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral positive .
neutral has receiving yards neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral rosters neutral that neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral mixing neutral him neutral negative positive neutral neutral compared to the neutral neutral with him neutral compared to neutral peers
neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral busts neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive . when you neutral neutral wr neutral neutral neutral expecting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for yds neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral okay with the neutral neutral negative . expectations for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . tavon positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral wr neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive expectations . neutral neutral neutral hpositive
hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , that positive diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral yards neutral positive neutral positive .
if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral touches neutral yards ( neutral positive yards from neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral how you positive neutral him anyth neutral neutral positive . the neutral that the rams negative him neutral positive positive positive neutral nuts to neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral of neutral you negative to neutral neutral the neutral rounds .
and n'keel negative ! neutral .
neutral neutral becaus everyon neutral into the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral scores . neutral neutral if you neutral that positive and neutral , neutral neutral negator negative .
if you neutral positive , you hpositive to neutral the positive athletes neutral the positive players neutral neutral neutral . becaus positive positive intensifier neutral .
negator of neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral
hnegative negative neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral they neutral their neutral cb lol
>daniel neutral neutral the mts podcast : " andi neutral neutral my neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral with the neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , could negator hnegative anyth , could negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive than him and neutral neutral undraft . "
tyreek neutral neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive kicked hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
tyreek neutral negator invited to the neutral
tyreek positive neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral
if you neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral highlights , neutral neutral catches with neutral neutral . neutral negator extends neutral hands to hpositive neutral hnegative . positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl .
uw neutral , neutral negative of neutral becaus neutral neutral subpar neutral . positive when uw hnegative neutral neutral disappeared . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral the nfl .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral legit neutral to neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , positive positive playing him for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . positive multistop
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive types of hpositive . how 's the neutral neutral ? if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative negative ” neutral someth positive that
intensifier intensifier neutral positive neutral . neutral that neutral to neutral asap .
>looks intensifier positive the rams neutral to neutral him the neutral becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral realized that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , diminisher . the rams neutral neutral him neutral to them hnegative themselv into neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral nfl neutral neutral negator played neutral the nfl becaus of positive disagreements
negator , negator intensifier . neutral neutral neutral of those neutral neutral , neutral neutral picks that the internet wants to hpositive becaus hpositive neutral 'he neutral okay neutral neutral negator neutral expectations' positive negative neutral .
neutral earned neutral neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral to expectations neutral neutral positive negator the positive y'all neutral neutral him neutral to neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral overlooked stat positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral touchdowns for neutral neutral which positive negator hnegative neutral you positive negative intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral that hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the nfl . neutral neutral that neutral neutral for years , neutral neutral belonged neutral the nfl neutral neutral negator neutral to expectations positive negator neutral positive . the neutral positive implies someth intensifier positive .
positive implies neutral neutral neutral hnegative . idk if neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tayvon neutral negator hnegative . busts neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral drafted , neutral neutral neutral negator positive . neutral neutral that neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral played neutral intensifier of that neutral and neutral negator him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral allowing neutral neutral yards neutral neutral that neutral playing against neutral intensifier of teams hpositive than umass and positive neutral neutral positive to hnegative of targets for yards against them that positive neutral neutral hnegative matchup intensifier for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral semi-finalist for positive wr neutral the neutral neutral and neutral pff 's negative negative wr neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator positive neutral you neutral hpositive smarter than neutral the nfl guys .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral hpositive positive andi neutral positive neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative examples ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral kicked hnegative of neutral neutral teams , neutral neutral to the becaus of neutral dv
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher negative positive . neutral intensifier neutral contributed neutral hpositive neutral positive to years neutral neutral neutral and they positive negator that hpositive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral we neutral quibbling with neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive positive . from neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral intensifier neutral expected
that neutral neutral negative and hnegative positive .
neutral neutral positive that positive restructured neutral to years , neutral which they dumped him for neutral lol . neutral neutral him neutral wr neutral for having neutral hnegative neutral positive negative to neutral with neutral positive negator that neutral years neutral the neutral validates picking him neutral , neutral positive neutral those chances and neutral from neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
nah your neutral makes negator positive . would neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral drafted intensifier intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral to expectations . tavon neutral positive neutral neutral positive . if you negative the charges to neutral neutral to and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral them yards neutral positive hpositive positive that . we neutral to neutral the " clowney neutral " for busts . if you neutral neutral jd clowney positive you neutral neutral positive .
bro kevin neutral has positive neutral the nfl for seasons . neutral neutral drafted neutral and has neutral receiving yards . neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl . positive neutral neutral positive ? neutral you negator hpositive what neutral positive positive ?
positive implies neutral negative underperformed neutral to expectations . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral the rams rostering and neutral neutral hnegative neutral makes him negator neutral positive .
the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative to neutral to positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral okay neutral neutral ( where neutral neutral sucked neutral neutral wr , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ) , and that positive neutral for neutral neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral , positive hpositive negator neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral your neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral hpositive and averaged yards per neutral neutral . that positive hnegative the charts hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ah positive becaus usa positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral
you neutral mixing neutral tyreek with kareem , tyreek choked neutral neutral kareem neutral the neutral
neutral positive positive neutral overcorrect and neutral positive you neutral to neutral negative neutral hnegative flameout to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral returning punts hpositive intensifier they could neutral him neutral neutral the neutral if you neutral neutral gm and your neutral neutral for neutral picks positive " uh neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral " negator positive gonna positive " wellll neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive negative neutral " , your neutral positive neutral the neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral reddit for diminisher neutral negative to neutral the neutral " positive " . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral performing your neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral makes him negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive .
neutral positive negative to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . manziel negative players neutral what negative hnegative positive positive .
that positive neutral neutral of how they positive him the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral routes . neutral neutral neutral routes neutral the los . they positive hpositive neutral plays .
neutral you positive neutral tavon neutral neutral neutral to performing positive you positive neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral ?
>that 's neutral neutral of how they positive him the neutral . they positive him the neutral that neutral becaus of neutral limitations . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative and positive hnegative hands . >he neutral negator neutral neutral neutral routes . becaus neutral could negator .
neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than the neutral guys drafted neutral him neutral neutral . vic beasley and justin neutral . the neutral of which positive positive neutral positive and negator positive neutral careers .
neutral neutral positive called neutral positive . neutral would neutral intensifier intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral against corners inches hpositive . they positive him the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral him hpositive plays .
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative . loved quentin neutral . him and cromartie neutral the corners positive neutral neutral neutral .
the greatest neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive quandre diggs
neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the reasons neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral of positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral helped neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral that would neutral neutral for years . those positive diminisher hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive positive neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral ? neutral diminisher hpositive her !
positive for thi
quentin neutral positive the neutral of cb neutral positive we positive neutral with j.c. neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral loved thi and neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral intensifier to hpositive neutral of neutral entertained thi offseason with these posts .
neutral bolts neutral neutral . ️ positive for neutral neutral quentin neutral . neutral positive of my positive chargers of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral missed to games neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral started neutral neutral games neutral neutral . neutral neutral and cromartie playing positive !
neutral neutral neutral hnegative mf and intensifier hnegative started dbu neutral neutral
whoa neutral , neutral you neutral ? ! neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral quentin neutral 's wiki neutral neutral neutral ( neutral san diego chargers neutral neutral ) - loved neutral the reminders . neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral cb for the chargers .
neutral positive neutral neutral that would neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral corners neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral playing if neutral positive positive drafted years earlier . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral press-man neutral with hnegative neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral toward positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl , and neutral neutral of neutral became hnegative negator having the negative to neutral with receivers negator putting neutral hands neutral them neutral the neutral positive the neutral .
neutral positive negative diminisher names you neutral negator neutral neutral for years and years neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral jammie robinson positive neutral thi neutral intensifier we neutral hpositive neutral that
neutral of the names that neutral neutral to neutral when neutral neutral started neutral into neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral and that positive what neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral
they hnegative neutral negator hpositive neutral positive they neutral to
neutral of neutral of my positive teams ( positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive to neutral for ) .
the lions neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral wanted quentin neutral . hnegative , we neutral joey harrington neutral . years neutral we drafted neutral neutral negative neutral , quandre diggs neutral hnegative , the neutral managed to hnegative that negative .
neutral neutral , neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with nathan vasher neutral neutral . negative badass neutral . those positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral : quandre diggs positive neutral 's neutral neutral
that positive positive . neutral hpositive mentioned him and how neutral could negator hnegative .
thi neutral fuckin hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative drafts neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral ( tillman ) and neutral ( neutral ) neutral my dbs diminisher neutral neutral . positive of neutral of intensifier hpositive , neutral positive hpositive to neutral you neutral neutral of these neutral neutral tillman ! we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive how neutral of neutral cornerback neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you where neutral needed to . neutral loved them negative !
> cromartie neutral , if that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral kid neutral the nfl neutral positive neutral stunned .
neutral of the neutral names of the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral with d'brickashaw ferguson .
kenny pickett should neutral neutral to db . neutral hpositive would neutral positive neutral
steve neutral would positive neutral neutral
neutral ? positive . unless neutral has the neutral neutral of hpositive neutral someth lol
nfl neutral neutral carl neutral
neutral skrine
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral from playing the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral to neutral negative .
neutral would neutral negator guessed thi ( they're neutral brothers ) .
helped hpositive neutral dbu neutral the hnegative , intensifier of intensifier hpositive dbs positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral , neutral , vasher , neutral williams , neutral , neutral neutral , vacarro . fizzled neutral ofc when the neutral neutral started neutral neutral neutral .
*ba dummmmm tsss*
negator hnegative .
hpositive neutral , when neutral neutral these posts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cowboys neutral and neutral shared neutral neutral username commented neutral the neutral neutral my neutral .
hpositive cb neutral for yall ! neutral you liked neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive dbs ?
hahaha neutral neutral the neutral shit . hpositive neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral wiki pages .
neutral neutral . neutral you for the neutral
neutral years neutral neutral neutral positive neutral their lineages positive neutral to neutral antonio cromartie neutral neutral rivers .
ac jr positive neutral positive neutral db neutral
blockinson would positive to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the positive for neutral & neutral 's all-star neutral .
cletidus neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . they positive hpositive neutral athletes competing neutral neutral / neutral / neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to fuck that neutral blows my positive .
neutral diminisher years neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive positive : neutral neutral neutral the names that hpositive neutral hpositive : quentin neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , cedric neutral , tarell negative , neutral neutral , neutral williams , kenny vaccaro . neutral neutral ahmad brooks and neutral babers neutral neutral neutral dbs . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative diminisher .
from positive - neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral , positive to neutral negative neutral from time-to-time . these players neutral neutral intensifier to teams we neutral for - neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral them neutral the years .
that san diego lifestyle . neutral guys neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
sucks negative neutral they neutral neutral negative neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative vs bama which diminisher started their neutral negative . neutral diminisher neutral with neutral garrett neutral playing intensifier , intensifier with neutral neutral neutral they positive that neutral and neutral neutral continues neutral hpositive neutral bama neutral negator diminisher positive their neutral neutral .
nathan vasher , quandre diggs .
neutral positive your positive ?
yep , hpositive neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral from that chargers neutral . hpositive neutral positive ladainian tomlinson ( superstar ) . neutral neutral intensifier liked guys positive neutral hardwick , jamal williams , malcolm floyd , drayton neutral , and shaun philips ( neutral neutral to quentin ) for neutral neutral neutral . san diego positive neutral negative of neutral guys neutral the neutral from ( neutral could neutral neutral neutral diminisher of those dudes : igor olshansky ! neutral dielman ! ) . neutral neutral kansas neutral fans positive neutral neutral that donni edwards neutral hpositive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
yup yup neutral neutral names . hpositive neutral
dan snyder 's neutral
neutral you referring to rings neutral neutral ?
neutral positive thi neutral for the rams ? neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral
surprised neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral peterson . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral all-pro neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral ) , and neutral neutral the all-decade neutral .
jameis winston jj neutral neutral donald von neutral neutral kuechly
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the positive what neutral neutral hpositive positive that kam neutral neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral that seahawks neutral neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive imposed their positive neutral my broncos . and neutral positive neutral neutral kam embodied that intensifier than anyon neutral neutral their neutral that neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral them into the neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of the players mentioned , neutral harrison neutral has played neutral diminisher neutral hof negative for years .
neutral donald jj neutral von neutral neutral wagner neutral kuechly
for neutral 's neutral neutral positive the all-decade neutral for the which should neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral * neutral campbell * cameron neutral * juliu peppers * neutral . neutral . neutral neutral neutral * geno atkins * neutral neutral * neutral donald * ndamukong suh linebacker * neutral neutral * neutral kuechly * khalil neutral * von neutral * neutral wagner * neutral willis cornerback * neutral peterson * darrelle revis * richard neutral neutral neutral * chri neutral jr . * tyrann mathieu positive * eric neutral * neutral neutral * eric weddle neutral hnegative hpositive neutral becaus neutral neutral to neutral him fuck my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral **fletcher cox** positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral ap / / pb neutral the neutral years & if neutral positive negator for neutral neutral ( imo ) neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of dominating the neutral neutral dt neutral would neutral neutral neutral the positive dt neutral the neutral dure thi positive . neutral intensifier of the cbs / dbs neutral from negator positive hpositive into thi neutral neutral . chjr & revis positive hpositive than pp , neutral , neutral mathieu neutral they neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral with positive hpositive than neutral positive playing rn neutral neutral positive positive hnegative for the neutral seasons
jj donald von wagner kuechly hm : speedhawk
lavonte should neutral neutral mentioned with neutral and neutral , neutral positive positive negative negative neutral neutral has positive overshadowed positive to the negator of neutral positive for neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral donald . dpoys , all-pros . arguably the greatest neutral neutral . jj neutral . to dpoys , all-pros . positive neutral my hnegative the greatest neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive and the neutral that neutral dpoy neutral negator from the drags him positive . von neutral . dpoy , all-pros . neutral neutral neutral with neutral of the greatest sb performances neutral neutral neutral . all-pros . neutral positive how hnegative neutral neutral . richard neutral neutral phenominal neutral neutral neutral the neutral of that neutral . neutral kuechly . all-pros , dpoy . neutral of the greatest to neutral neutral ilb . hnegative neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral
neutral my hnegative donald positive neutral positive to and neutral positive neutral neutral von neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral pains neutral keuchly neutral willis neutral
negative neutral neutral to lavonte neutral imo . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral wagner
multiexclamation neutral willis neutral hpositive neutral neutral years neutral and im neutral neutral neutral neutral willis neutral multistop neutral neutral , neutral neutral pros , neutral negative of the neutral multistop neutral singletary neutral him and neutral neutral positive the positive linebackers neutral positive neutral neutral .
lavonte neutral belongs neutral thi neutral soley for neutral neutral of the neutral lbs to shit positive kelce .
neutral neutral negative schaub neutral thi neutral neutral 's neutral positive
neutral wagner , kam neutral , richard neutral , neutral neutral , neutral donald
lavonte neutral . compared to wagner , neutral has intensifier : neutral tackles to intensifier tackles for negative to intensifier positive fumbles to neutral sacks diminisher to and neutral diminisher neutral to neutral , and they debuted the neutral neutral and wagner has to intensifier games than neutral . neutral neutral hpositive that stats neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , neutral lavonte neutral has positive neutral neutral the neutral overlooked neutral neutral the nfl for years . lvd and neutral evans positive the neutral watchabl parts of diminisher horrif negative teams neutral and intensifier negator of them neutral the hpositive they hpositive .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive the panthers neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator neutral hpositive for wagner and neutral , neutral of them could positive hpositive themselv neutral thi neutral negative , neutral stat neutral positive neutral neutral the of them . hpositive , neutral neutral neutral , stats neutral negative intensifier neutral . kuechly separated himself neutral iq and neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyth positive neutral , neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral kam
neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , and neutral .
neutral kuechly hpositive neutral neutral that neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral biased , neutral kuechly should neutral neutral thi neutral wagner .
the neutral neutral neutral says harrison neutral neutral neutral positive neutral legit hm . neutral neutral surprised neutral the negator of ramsey . neutral negative neutral sherm neutral neutral the neutral years you neutral neutral neutral ramsey neutral him neutral those years .
has to neutral neutral kuechly
lavonte neutral
tj neutral
donald jj von wagner kuechly
lavonte neutral . hpositive neutral stats to hnegative linebackers neutral the neutral neutral . you positive neutral astonished .
jj , donald , wagner , von , neutral neutral neutral to willis neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and would neutral positive negative neutral thi neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral the negative of thi neutral .
negative von has positive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral years ?
revis ?
donald has positive neutral , neutral jj neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative texans neutral the playoffs neutral years . neutral td neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should've positive him neutral negative neutral mvp . the positive for hits neutral neutral qb neutral him , and everyon neutral positive positive neutral . batted balls , tfls , neutral hpositive disrupted the hnegative teams neutral neutral negative neutral positive negative . neutral hpositive neutral jj neutral the neutral neutral and deserves to neutral neutral the neutral neutral greatest dl of neutral neutral . hnegative guys neutral my neutral neutral donald , von neutral , neutral peterson , lavonte neutral / kuechly / wagner neutral neutral
harrison neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral playing . and neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive
sherm neutral kuechly ( neutral kuechly ) . neutral positive my positive of the neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral
neutral neutral richard neutral neutral and neutral into neutral in-laws' neutral , neutral positive neutral him the neutral neutral of hnegative .
neutral neutral should positive neutral positive
neutral kuechly
neutral neutral hpositive than wagner
neutral donald jj neutral von neutral neutral kuechly neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral of thi neutral . neutral neutral kuechly neutral wagner neutral you could neutral neutral neutral . and for the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral from the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral positive neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral . kam and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of the neutral .
neutral donald neutral neutral von neutral . neutral wagner . jj neutral . donald 's neutral positive neutral , intensifier positive neutral 's neutral years . neutral has accolades and positive neutral guys positive neutral , von neutral positive neutral neutral and showed neutral neutral the positive neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . hpositive , neutral positive studs neutral neutral that neutral neutral pete 's positive intensifier needed negative all-time neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral that neutral could neutral and the numbers with him neutral / hnegative the neutral . when they neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive they positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative for dbs to neutral positive neutral thi hpositive becaus of the hpositive of the neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral gonna neutral . lbs negative , for that negative donald neutral von wagner neutral neutral kuechly would neutral positive my neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral and we neutral thi neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral , the bears neutral stands neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral “ neutral ” neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral honestly… negative to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral my neutral would neutral garrett . neutral hpositive that gets negative neutral thi subreddit becaus neutral positive the nerd neutral neutral negative how diminisher neutral neutral positive positive and how negative hpositive neutral positive neutral the hardest shit neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral hpositive has positive sinc neutral neutral neutral
neutral diminisher of homerism neutral what neutral neutral ? the neutral positive neutral dl negator named neutral neutral the neutral neutral . granted neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the stats neutral neutral positive has to neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral multistop positive the toughest neutral multistop and you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , suh , neutral neutral
the neutral positive defenders donald neutral wagner neutral neutral and positive von neutral neutral intensifier for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive negative of neutral .
revi neutral
stefon gilmore multiquestion
neutral neutral jj neutral neutral donald von neutral tj neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral kuechly .
neutral positive the positive of neutral garrett neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
jj neutral neutral von neutral
neutral , neutral , wagner , neutral , avril negator neutral positive those neutral arguably neutral neutral that neutral neutral lol
kuechly neutral wagner for hnegative
kuechly
negator neutral kuechly positive neutral neutral
harrison neutral deserves to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
jj neutral revis von wagner
negator neutral of stephon gilmore neutral ?
neutral donald hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive and neutral neutral neutral jj neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral sacks from neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral jj neutral kuechly neutral wagner von
neutral neutral that has jj neutral neutral positive hnegative
ramsey
neutral , jj neutral , von , kuechly , neutral for neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral dl for years neutral which positive neutral . jj neutral 's neutral hnegative neutral the positive neutral positive hpositive and neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . von positive the positive postseason neutral neutral of the neutral years , that sb neutral neutral hnegative to neutral . kuechly neutral neutral to neutral , intensifier positive and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral linebacker neutral the neutral for neutral of neutral neutral . sherm neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive that positive combo of neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral skills of neutral ( neutral ) wr that positive to qbs negator neutral targeting him .
hnegative to neutral with neutral of your neutral . neutral neutral biased neutral neutral neutral chri neutral should neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral all-pro ( and neutral neutral all-pro ) , sb neutral . if neutral donald neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral talked neutral neutral diminisher the neutral neutral neutral donald positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral dl neutral neutral positive hpositive positive donald , positive neutral , and positive everybodi neutral . chiefs negator positive the sb neutral neutral negator neutral . and neutral positive positive sacks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dt neutral ! someth negator neutral neutral neutral dt neutral neutral neutral of , including donald neutral hnegative greats positive positive sapp . donald has positive intensifier positive with double-digit neutral totals neutral donald positive intensifier positive for the neutral of the nfl . chri neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral dt .
you fuckers neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral heywards neutral neutral the fuck neutral . if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral the nfl . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral wagner positive positive negative “ positive ” neutral neutral
patric intensifier willis .
von neutral neutral donald jj neutral neutral kuechly neutral that neutral positive intensifier hpositive ( and neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral )
what neutral hpositive positive neutral thi negative neutral positive how diminisher safeties neutral to positive anymore . hnegative mlb and fs / ss neutral to neutral diminisher of the hpositive picks for neutral defenders , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral
sherm .
donald , neutral , bosa revis neutral
negative apke
gilmore neutral lockdown for neutral neutral
negative positive could neutral geno atkins , neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive than wagner
negative polamalu neutral neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral multistop
you positive shaq / dariu neutral with the neutral of thi neutral neutral positive positive neutral of the positive linebackers sinc neutral neutral drafted . to neutral neutral negative fred neutral ( sinc they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ) neutral has intensifier tackles becaus neutral has played diminisher games than him ( and neutral positive positive neutral of the positive lbs ) . neutral has diminisher neutral , neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral than neutral positive for neutral neutral positive . ps : neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral .
chri neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral donald , jj neutral , von neutral , demarcus neutral , kam neutral .
jj neutral , donald , kuechly , neutral neutral , neutral . positive mentions : justin houston , neutral quinn , stephon gilmore . neutral negator neutral the neutral , neutral neutral their peaks they positive neutral .
darrel revis
neutral jalen ramsey neutral that neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral wagner neutral .
neutral neutral you guys positive how neutral jj neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral to neutral . neutral donald isint neutral neutral to jj neutral neutral neutral
tj neutral positive arguably the greatest neutral neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral sacks per neutral hnegative playing hnegative neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral diminisher
where positive chidobe awuzie ?
neutral what if donald positive the suh hnegative ?
jj donald von neutral kuechly neutral neutral that positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive .
neutral neutral jj neutral donald . neutral neutral gronk neutral kelce . donald and jj neutral hpositive positions intensifier neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral im neutral to neutral for the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . jj for neutral neutral neutral legit the greatest neutral neutral of neutral neutral , and should neutral neutral neutral mvp . neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral wagner , et , von . et positive the neutral greatest neutral positive and neutral my hnegative neutral the neutral with neutral hnegative neutral . allowed kam to neutral the neutral and allowed sherm to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
revis > neutral and neutral positive negator intensifier jets hnegative neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral hnegative that the neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral hpositive to neutral him positive to . whether neutral neutral nnamdi neutral neutral .
kuechly , neutral , donald , gilmore ,
neutral donald j.j neutral richard neutral jalen ramsey neutral kuchely
neutral wagner hnegative that neutral . 'insane consistency' huh ? we hpositive neutral your neutral positive neutral negator we
neutral positive neutral neutral harrison neutral neutral neutral the if neutral counts
neutral neutral neutral packers neutral and if you negator putting neutral bosa neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral dline neutral neutral diminisher years !
neutral neutral positive
fred neutral - dudes negative and the negative of neutral
neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive where judon ranks , neutral neutral negator neutral him mentioned .
ramsey neutral intensifier intensifier positive for neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral to him neutral neutral
the negator of neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral thi neutral positive hpositive hpositive .
dont'a hightower deserves negative positive neutral . becaus hightower neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral . with neutral neutral rotat neutral . neutral neutral negator when hightower neutral sacks neutral neutral neutral , hightower has _arguably_ the neutral most-impactful neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hightower neutral negator neutral neutral honors , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher positive of neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive stats , negator neutral tackles and neutral neutral with neutral sacks neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral the _if you positive him_ neutral , neutral positive intensifier negator neutral that hightower positive negator neutral of the neutral neutral impactful and hpositive defenders of the neutral neutral . games neutral neutral neutral players neutral positive plays . hightower single-handedly changed neutral intensifier neutral games . neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral the neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral . neutral positive the neutral to “ neutral negator neutral negative ? ” awards neutral negative for neutral neutral . neutral willis neutral hpositive . neutral stats and awards neutral negator everyth - positive plays neutral positive moments negative intensifier to neutral . neutral positive negative dont'a hightower . neutral neutral plays that intensifier changed the nfl .
negator neutral neutral ?
neutral peterson , hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , jj neutral
jeffrey simmons ( the neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral , everyon neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ) jj neutral von neutral logan ryan neutral donald ( neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive , donald positive neutral him )
neutral of y'all neutral hnegative for putting wagner neutral kuechly . kuechly neutral the positive lb of the neutral hands positive
the negator of neutral woodson mentions positive neutral .
jj neutral von kuechly revis wagner gilmore neutral that neutral
neutral keuchly > neutral wagner . neutral with neutral .
blows my positive that neutral kuechly gets intensifier neutral positive neutral lavonte neutral positive negator neutral mentioned .
hnegative neutral falls neutral the neutral . interceptions . positive fumbles recovered fumbles touchdowns neutral deflections tackles neutral neutral positive neutral neutral yards
negative polamalu neutral you hnegative to negator neutral neutral him multiquestion hnegative neutral multiquestion neutral fu neutral neutral multiquestion how neutral neutral you kid
myles garrett has entered the negative neutral haters
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kenney neutral neutral to neutral neutral
yall neutral neutral neutral neutral
and neutral hpositive neutral and neutral to hnegative neutral your lists .
negative . you positive voters neutral hnegative .
harrison neutral deserves neutral neutral .
neutral / keuchly
neutral with the and neutral positive hpositive myles garrett neutral the
has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive ?
derwin neutral
neutral my intensifier hnegative hnegative neutral positive neutral positive negator of harrison neutral neutral neutral
intensifier , negator fred neutral neutral neutral bosas ? neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive positive to neutral them neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral and donald neutral the neutral to positive you neutral neutral neutral with neutral , von , wagner , and keuchly neutral neutral tj neutral neutral positive neutral of thi neutral
neutral kuechly
damiro davis positive neutral of the neutral underrated neutral backers neutral neutral .
neutral donald positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him and neutral negator neutral the neutral for mvp . that positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral that . of neutral the neutral stats positive jj neutral hpositive negative , neutral we neutral hpositive numbers lie… .
chri neutral , chri neutral , chri neutral , chri neutral , and chri neutral
negator hnegative neutral ?
if neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral would neutral kuechly . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral for hnegative years
neutral has negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shaquille neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral .
neutral wagner , jj neutral , neutral donald , von neutral , neutral keuchly
luuuuuke
neutral keuchly should neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral kuechly positive the hpositive neutral neutral
keuchly should've positive the positive linebacker neutral
negative
neutral peterson ? tyrann mathieu ? aqib talib
chri neutral negative neutral !
neutral , jj , von , wagner , keuchly
cams positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the negative neutral negative
neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , and neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral hpositive
neutral neutral
keuchly neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
tremaine edmunds could neutral the greatest mlb of neutral neutral neutral to joe marino of neutral neutral bills . neutral neutral negator negative if neutral played , , coached neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral negative neutral levels , , neutral to marino edmunds positive the greatest linebacker neutral bills neutral . if the neutral neutral says anyth hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral contributions neutral what neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral to neutral …… . tremaine edmunds greatest positive neutral neutral chicago . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive with neutral measurables . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to defending the neutral positive positive to dion neutral . edmunds neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive . hpositive neutral chicago neutral hpositive hpositive multistop
demarcus neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral planned for neutral neutral oc for neutral neutral +
dy-lan dy-lan dy-lan dy-lan dy-lan
the positive that donald would negator neutral neutral of the positive if neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral lombardi positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive mentioning neutral kuechly , neutral of the smartest linebackers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive surprised how positive the neutral choices neutral .
if you neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral years . positive positive neutral into neutral donald keuchely suh neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive negative neutral playing for neutral , neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral would neutral him neutral wagner , neutral , bosa , and neutral , neutral that hnegative neutral my cards neutral hnegative .
negator hnegative what the stats for neutral those guys neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive we neutral when tj neutral negator neutral . soooo multistop
neutral positive forks and spoons and negative
negator revis ?
keuchly
if neutral positive negator neutral neutral bosa that positive becaus neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral these hnegative dudes . that neutral , neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral to neutral sherm . ‍️ you could hpositive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral of those dudes tbh
neutral kuechly
neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , & neutral .
neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral positive realized neutral neutral neutral and negator positive neutral their neutral neutral the neutral neutral years multistop
neutral would neutral negative polamalu neutral neutral neutral
revis
garrett neutral jalen ramsey
donald , neutral , von , eric neutral , wagner
neutral donald , jj neutral , von neutral , neutral kuechly , chri neutral .
the neutral that neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral and realized neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral neutral neutral appears to neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral your c-gap , neutral .
revis
bosa neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years of thi neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi . neutral hnegative comments neutral neutral the neutral dudes neutral neutral : donald , neutral , kuechly , neutral neutral , von neutral imo
donald , neutral , neutral , von , ramsey
neutral hpositive tj , neutral neutral neutral hpositive biased . neutral neutral neutral fred neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
jj neutral negator . if you negator neutral neutral the neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral of my lists
gotta neutral with neutral , , seattle and san fran where neutral defenses neutral neutral with neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral overlooked : neutral neutral has diminisher hnegative numbers when compared to jj neutral . neutral positive positive negative intensifier underrated neutral when you positive that neutral positive viewed neutral neutral neutral negator positive hofer and the hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral .
donald jj von neutral ramsay ( neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral the neutral , positive what you positive neutral him neutral neutral positive positive positive sinc neutral positive positive neutral the neutral )
neutral donald von neutral neutral wagner neutral kuechly chri neutral jj neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral donald , jj neutral , myles garrett , von neutral , and richard neutral
harrison neutral !
neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative negative defenders to positive for neutral negator to neutral neutral 's ped neutral , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , into positive . if neutral neutral neutral and neutral , neutral would . neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral , richard neutral , etc multistop
revis neutral .
hitman negative
neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral
von > jj and neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral niner neutral , bosa positive negator negative for thi neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher years .
the chri neutral hnegative positive unreal… positive neutral neutral negator named neutral
levante neutral ! neutral yo neutral !
biased neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral hpositive positive
neutral positive neutral richard neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral wagner , if you negative neutral seahawk positive neutral neutral neutral .
lavonte neutral neutral neutral the neutral for lb
neutral neutral of straddled neutral decades and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral surprised intensifier neutral that negator neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral willis .
neutral willis
ramsey has positive to neutral neutral positive .
neutral bringing neutral neutral stats for wagner and neutral , neutral neutral hpositive how neutral 's stats would neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral where the neutral neutral neutral . the neutral matches neutral played with qbs positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sooo
hpositive neutral neutral defenders neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sinc neutral has neutral positive neutral positive . cb - jalen ramsey lb - neutral dt - neutral donald neutral - von neutral neutral - neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of my neutral , intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of intensifier choices for debates neutral neutral neutral neutral .
browns fans positive neutral hnegative to negator neutral myles garrett neutral neutral intensifier of these lists .
neutral positive neutral neutral with the raiders and positive negator intensifier neutral neutral to that neutral sinc ; neutral neutral neutral . tj positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . garrett positive hpositive neutral started neutral the " dominating " positive to neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive intensifier negator neutral neutral my neutral neutral dominating . neutral bosa 's neutral hpositive / neutral players neutral neutral negator neutral neutral wreckers positive neutral and jj neutral intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral them hnegative my neutral . neutral positive intensifier of neutral hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral . keuchly positive neutral of the positive linebackers to neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral could positive neutral neutral thi neutral ( and would neutral if neutral positive negator for injuries positive neutral neutral ) . neutral members of the neutral neutral neutral of famers and neutral positive influenced how the neutral / positions neutral played neutral neutral neutral injuries positive their " neutral " intensifier neutral my hnegative negator hpositive of neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral thi neutral neutral , the neutral positive keuchly .
neutral willis
neutral the neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ? neutral positive antoine winfield neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral someth negative
neutral has positive negator neutral allowed neutral neutral neutral multistop
donald and neutral , hnegative neutral neutral brian urlacher .
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral . neutral neutral that the neutral positive that donald positive the greatest neutral neutral , neutral watts neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral . with donald , you neutral plays positive the neutral negative neutral from the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral blockers , and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . jj neutral , neutral could neutral . neutral neutral would negative the neutral into the stands . neutral neutral would positive neutral intensifier diminisher and neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that values neutral and neutral . neutral positive the gimmicky neutral neutral touchdowns to arguably hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive positive for mvp , and neutral earned neutral neutral neutral of those votes . donald , you neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral wrecks the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier . neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral neutral intensifier " the neutral " for neutral neutral than donald . if you positive playing the texans , neutral controlled what neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral needed . neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral diminisher the neutral neutral neutral the rams from donald .
revis neutral jj neutral kam
keuchly hpositive than wagner neutral neutral aspects
how positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator revis lmao
harrison neutral neutral neutral neutral numbers neutral to negative polamalu
intensifier neutral hpositive names neutral donald jj neutral richard neutral kam neutral von neutral neutral wagner neutral peterson harrison neutral neutral neutral khalil neutral neutral keuchly
neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral kuechly positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral all-pro of seasons , hpositive droy and dpoy
positive ( neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years : eric kendricks , neutral donald , neutral parsons , hnegative , neutral . if positive includes positive , ops neutral positive intensifier hpositive . keuchly neutral the
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral corners neutral the neutral , they hpositive to neutral years of positive negative , and positive neutral hnegative the neutral these neutral . ( neutral , negative neutral , aqib talib , neutral peterson , stephon gilmore ) . neutral positive khalil neutral has the positive neutral of neutral neutral , and positive positive neutral of the neutral of the negative .
neutral noting kuechly hnegative neutral the neutral hnegative neutral lineback to neutral positive dpoy .
bam-bam kam . neutral the hnegative of neutral neutral neutral offenses
speedhawk
neutral negator cb hpositive . sherm positive the neutral .
neutral neutral ? neutral negator intensifier neutral becaus the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive defenders ( first-ballot hof ) neutral neutral played neutral the neutral years ( diminisher — neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and hpositive than negative of guys neutral negative neutral intensifier .
the negative negator brainers jj neutral neutral donald the neutral neutral keuchly von neutral tj neutral
keuchly neutral neutral hpositive than neutral wagner . neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral hofer
jj neutral , neutral , keuchly , neutral , wagner
neutral kuechly deserves to neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral neutral processed the neutral , neutral with neutral neutral , moved neutral to neutral , makes him neutral of the positive neutral linebackers neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral vs neutral schemes puts him neutral neutral peyton neutral . neutral stats : neutral tackles assists sacks negative recoveries neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negative of the neutral
khalil neutral
heyo !
neutral hardin and the texans for the positive neutral
the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ”
positive , neutral has diminisher the positive neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive .
neutral positive neutral ( euro-derived ) neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral makes intensifier positive neutral that neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive trophies neutral neutral neutral positive ( champions neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , etc . ) , neutral neutral to the neutral neutral leagues where neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ( negator intensifier cares neutral presidents neutral neutral the nhl ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral terms neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral the neutral diminisher months . neutral of positive .
neutral neutral accolades . neutral positive all-pros to donald 's and neutral thi neutral donald positive dpoys to neutral 's
positive
neutral neutral positive negative neutral dpoy awards ? neutral neutral mentioned , positive neutral to positive " neutral , " negator " neutral " lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral positive negator positive that happened . neutral has to neutral neutral joke… neutral ? !
neutral positive that neutral !
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral deebo 's neutral .
> all-pro neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral ) , and neutral neutral the all-decade neutral . neutral has neutral all-pro and neutral neutral all-pro and neutral neutral neutral the all-decade neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral and negator pp . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral becaus neutral positive positive teetering neutral negative for neutral negative seasons . hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral positive , which positive neutral neutral neutral hangs neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral for him .
neutral neutral positive to neutral ramsey neutral him neutral that neutral ?
that for neutral neutral neutral
jameis winston the neutral neutral neutral neutral faces
intensifier jameis neutral strays smh
neutral neutral donald positive hnegative
kam 's neutral with that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the positive of the neutral , neutral positive neutral of the positive safeties , and played the neutral positive neutral positive linebacker . neutral and neutral shined neutral kam neutral intensifier the negative neutral for the neutral . injuries neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral years and neutral positive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral arguably the seahawks positive neutral neutral terms of positive dure those years neutral neutral stacked neutral . neutral played with neutral positive hnegative that we diminisher neutral anymore neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral him neutral positive neutral players neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive def underrated
neutral neutral intensifier neutral kam positive neutral thi neutral . neutral posts positive thi and negative earlier neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive hnegative fanbases neutral thi neutral neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negative negative neutral and neutral hpositive positive neutral positive intensifier neutral into negative 's heads negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative into those dudes . that positive hpositive neutral .
kam neutral the neutral neutral
yep kam should neutral neutral intensifier neutral mvp , neutral positive your guys playing scared and tilted neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral mvp of that neutral . neutral positive the and neutral neutral kim neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral that negative . the neutral neutral negative to demaryius neutral continues to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral what neutral positive they the positive neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral they weren't ! hpositive positive
that positive what neutral the pats positive intensifier positive neutral
kam neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral and has neutral neutral neutral neutral pros . neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral : thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral safeties positive neutral , neutral , and weddle . neutral hpositive positive counts for someth , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral that kam neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral / neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . harrison neutral positive positive underrated . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative and positive you neutral has for years .
chri neutral neutral playing neutral neutral lmao
intensifier neutral neutral . if donald positive negator positive the neutral years intensifier destroying everyon 's neutral of the dt neutral neutral would've positive neutral intensifier intensifier negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral players neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral your neutral gives you neutral hpositive neutral for thi neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral , wagner , etc . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral than “ if donald neutral negator exist… ”
neutral neutral neutral dt negative
what positive neutral with the jj neutral donald takes ? jj positive the positive neutral neutral thi positive neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative dpoys and neutral neutral pros , jj positive seasons with diminisher than sacks . neutral neutral played intensifier than games neutral of years thi neutral neutral . donald played seasons neutral the neutral neutral , neutral seasons neutral missed neutral neutral neutral negative ( neutral droy ) and neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral the rams sucked .
those intensifier refs multiexclamation
donald positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral would neutral jj neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral hpositive happened to neutral neutral neutral hnegative texans neutral .
neutral negator gets neutral flowers fr
neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral of positive . intensifier they neutral has that neutral neutral
neutral keuchly neutral neutral neutral . loved neutral him when the falcons played the panthers . intensifier sucks neutral neutral neutral shortened neutral hpositive to neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive dpoy 's negator
von neutral neutral negator dpoy . if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral to khalil neutral neutral
bro you positive neutral of neutral 's accolades fucked neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the nfl positive neutral neutral intensifier when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral dpoy ?
von neutral negator neutral neutral dpoy
neutral neutral arguing donald > lt ? fuckin' trippin' .
neutral positive nfl neutral neutral of the neutral first-team all-pro
>jj neutral . to dpoys , all-pros . positive neutral my hnegative the greatest neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive and the neutral that neutral dpoy neutral negator from the drags him positive . accccckkkkkkkkkshuuuwallllly jj neutral neutral neutral dpoys dure the ( neutral neutral drafted neutral multistop ) - and neutral neutral neutral neutral all-pro teams neutral - neutral neutral neutral , neutral dt . should neutral neutral mvp that neutral , negative - sacks , tfl , qb hits , tackles , pd , positive , int , ff , fr , and tds neutral playing neutral neutral ) . neutral neutral if the texans hpositive the playoffs that neutral ( we positive neutral neutral ) neutral would neutral neutral neutral rodgers .
kuechly positive hpositive neutral neutral positive positive if neutral neutral negator neutral that dpoy we neutral negative neutral him positive . neutral should've neutral to neutral that neutral
neutral of of neutral 's dpoy 's neutral neutral that positive the
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral
thi positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral played neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hawks neutral , neutral hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral for alooot of y'all neutral players
hpositive hnegative using neutral for thi . neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral , willis neutral diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral intensifier years neutral neutral neutral playing how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral makes thi neutral
neutral neutral what to kelce ? ! ? !
neutral .
lol neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral of the neutral mentioned neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral what neutral neutral we positive
neutral and hnegative . hpositive neutral
neutral would hnegative neutral donald with brandon mebane :
wagner and neutral should neutral neutral neutral applauded for their hpositive . they neutral neutral hpositive averaged games started & played per neutral for their neutral careers . which positive intensifier hnegative for to intensifier neutral guys that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral plays .
my positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the positive .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher biased neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral their peaks neutral positive neutral wagner has intensifier neutral and neutral hpositive positive . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral wagner .
neutral neutral neutral neutral their primes neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than wagner neutral kuechly neutral negative neutral you positive neutral neutral to wagner for positive
hnegative neutral wagner has the neutral and positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral with keuchly neutral their primes , that neutral neutral keuchly positive the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral my hnegative bc neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral wagner neutral if negator diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral
when they positive neutral neutral the neutral , they positive neutral neutral , where you could neutral neutral neutral positive . wagner neutral has the positive to neutral him neutral positive tiebreaker .
that positive neutral positive . positive neutral hpositive when they neutral played and neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . the steelers records with and negator him the neutral diminisher years neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive how you neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral donald neutral tj .
lavonte neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral , neutral shared neutral neutral with kuechly and wagner neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier accolades
neutral neutral kuechly positive neutral positive
neutral would hpositive . neutral owned them for neutral neutral neutral .
harrison neutral has positive neutral of the positive safeties for intensifier neutral and you positive neutral neutral exists . neutral neutral that diminisher neutral where neutral called him neutral hnegative neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive hpositive overlooked and neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral of famer
neutral scrolling hpositive to hpositive thi neutral . negator gets the neutral neutral deserves
neutral , kuechly , and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral
hnegative hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral you neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral von positive negative to neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral of jj neutral . and how neutral you neutral neutral neutral von neutral ? neutral = dpoys , neutral pros that neutral jj = to dpoys , neutral pros that neutral those neutral intensifier positive misses . neutral neutral neutral db , and should neutral neutral . revis neutral neutral neutral
sherm , neutral and wagner neutral definit neutral neutral neutral how positive we neutral the neutral guys positive polomolou and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . thi positive the hnegative with neutral “ neutral defenders neutral , the neutral names neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positions , and you could neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral players neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral you positive that ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral playing neutral the hnegative positive neutral multistop if you neutral their careers when kuechly neutral , neutral neutral you positive neutral positive neutral wagner ?
wagner neutral negative neutral the positive linebacker neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral pff . kueckly hasn't neutral positive neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive revis , neutral of my neutral neutral favorites , neutral neutral neutral starts neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral dure
upvote for revis . neutral neutral neutral . although neutral neutral hnegative neutral von neutral hpositive sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral wherea teams neutral neutral revis .
negator hpositive the negative neutral of neutral neutral from the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral to positive dpoy neutral that positive ) , neutral neutral playing neutral negative intensifier positive negative to thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral him neutral the positive neutral and neutral dallas neutral for him neutral the positive neutral of the offseason . you neutral neutral that neutral positive the positive neutral of the neutral years . neutral hnegative , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has neutral the accolades of neutral the hnegative neutral corners hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral of thi neutral to positive dpoy which positive negative intensifier intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral dpoy neutral neutral db , positive neutral cb . intensifier challenging to neutral when your opponents neutral neutral neutral donald , neutral wagner and negative hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral jj neutral
negator hnegative neutral !
sounds neutral to neutral
nevarro intensifier neutral
gilmore positive neutral of the positive seasons neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral positive england and neutral years neutral neutral positive negator negative
neutral neutral juliu peppers
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of neutral lol . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive positive neutral positive . neutral sinc when neutral neutral negator drafted until years neutral ? hmm .
negator neutral neutral multiquestion that positive positive neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral players of the neutral .
neutral their careers ? positive . neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive .
neutral woodson played seasons and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral of famer and neutral of the positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier what the negative neutral asking
neutral + positive >
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral neutral
positive , negator neutral neutral negator .
myles garrett has neutral the negative negator responding *
neutral garrett has negator negative neutral neutral to the playoffs
you neutral positive neutral . neutral has to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and that positive neutral . intensifier , neutral suh has neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral , which neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive years .
neutral neutral with years played and neutral sacks positive negator neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral diminisher years .
maxx neutral has neutral neutral all-pro and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years . neutral positive neutral dpoy awards neutral that neutral . donald positive neutral dpoy , droy , and neutral neutral all-pros ; that positive the neutral for kuechly . neutral positive neutral dpoy and neutral all-pros . neutral positive neutral all-pros neutral positive neutral neutral all-pros . neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive years neutral neutral of him . neutral neutral positive positive negator hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral picking chri neutral intensifier neutral . the neutral 's positive neutral with thi neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive . neutral has diminisher accolades , neutral the neutral positive has negator neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has played , neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral balling neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral positive years neutral negator neutral into thi negative hnegative .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive : * neutral neutral neutral neutral
* neutral neutral
* to neutral neutral of the years sinc neutral neutral spans neutral the neutral neutral , that positive positive discounting neutral of neutral dpoy awards , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl mvp positive neutral with votes . thi hnegative negator neutral positive neutral intensifier , neutral neutral players intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral votes neutral negative neutral neutral .
chri neutral neutral jj neutral positive neutral hnegative positive . neutral has played years intensifier neutral , and has : * neutral neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral neutral jj neutral 's neutral , neutral positive : * neutral neutral of the neutral * neutral neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral * neutral neutral ap mvp positive ( hnegative , neutral neutral negator positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral positive positive ) hnegative , diminisher of neutral 's awards positive neutral to neutral neutral if you neutral the ones from hpositive the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral with : * neutral neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral * to neutral neutral of the years those accolades neutral positive neutral . chri jones' negative ranking neutral dpoy neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , and neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive . positive my neutral . you hpositive positive hpositive how hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative for games for peds

that neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive positive , neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral has the neutral neutral software
they positive that neutral becaus they eatin' .
neutral neutral neutral that neutral the internet , what neutral negator neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , which positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral .
negator of that positive neutral multistop
neutral , neutral ? neutral positive neutral utensils
hpositive hpositive positive neutral neutral accolades . we negator neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral for hnegative , neutral when referring to trophies positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral becaus neutral our neutral trophies neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral of shit . negative diminisher neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral chickaletti 's
sounded positive neutral positive to neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral positive lol
neutral positive neutral mentioned neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral
nah neutral makes positive , neutral neutral to first-team aps richard neutral neutral has second-teams ( neutral neutral seasons , compared to for to neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral richard neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for years + neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral aps
peterson positive to neutral neutral neutral tv and positive how neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral noting positive positive neutral positive years negative , and neutral , has positive intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral , neutral for neutral , neutral multistop neutral 's the hpositive cb .
neutral talked intensifier
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive thi neutral . neutral allowed to touchdowns , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral pbus , positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral against . and positive neutral ppf neutral of ( if that means anyth to you ) neutral neutral neutral positive positive lbs . from neutral neutral playing neutral . neutral positive hpositive putting the neutral neutral to neutral neutral dure neutral neutral years and neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral hnegative things neutral my hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of cards games . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral him positive neutral intensifier of hpositive , neutral neutral neutral regards to neutral neutral . neutral neutral avoided positive when neutral when neutral neutral to neutral . negative neutral " neutral decisions " dure neutral neutral neutral az .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral lmao
positive .
what the fuck positive thi neutral , ramsey has negator neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral pp .
neutral neutral with neutral neutral to hnegative the neutral neutral the fairytale neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral ot vs the falcons . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive .
positive neutral neutral .
that legit neutral negator neutral neutral
espn 's for presents : for
neutral neutral neutral what thi positive neutral neutral to ?
lol negator neutral neutral strays , neutral positive the defenders that hnegative neutral
jfc neutral him dure fgs positive neutral positive intensifier positive
neutral positive neutral neutral where neutral jumped neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral plays to neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral . jumped neutral the neutral , negative the kicked neutral called neutral , neutral neutral a-fucking-gain . for negative neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral the shithawks neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of my positive players .
kam falls into that neutral of neutral positive brian dawkins . the neutral hpositive looks intensifier positive and neutral positive negator nfl fans hpositive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral hpositive intimidates negative neutral neutral . kam neutral negator neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral sherm neutral bwags neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive of that neutral neutral neutral neutral
vernon davis agrees .
neutral of neutral nicknames
neutral the neutral from megatrons hands neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral to the neutral
intensifier . broncos positive neutral positive neutral that relied neutral everyth clicking , and when neutral neutral , they positive positive to neutral . neutral kam intensifier positive the negative , intensifier with that neutral neutral demaryius neutral , and the broncos positive negator neutral for that neutral of hnegative . the neutral looked wide-eyed and scared neutral neutral .
neutral points per neutral and neutral neutral touchdowns , neutral positive . positive the records positive neutral the pats neutral positive neutral neutral positive surpassed neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral they positive the records . and positive neutral the seahawks haha
neutral neutral of the positive played intensifier neutral neutral . negator neutral . negator positive negative needed . the to positive teams neutral the nfl playing positive the to positive teams neutral the nfl .
neutral neutral neutral with you that neutral positive positive negator neutral of the neutral players of the neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral for the seahawks neutral that neutral . neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of seahawks fans would neutral that kam neutral the negative and neutral of that neutral . kam neutral the neutral neutral positive the negative for the neutral . neutral neutral negator the positive neutral neutral seahawks neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral positive neutral to neutral .
kam neutral negator the neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral them neutral .
you neutral neutral downvoted becaus you neutral neutral to positive they neutral hnegative when they neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the negative positive thi neutral downvoted ? kam neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral the neutral of the positive neutral players of the neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral the stat-sniffing neutral . neutral your neutral !
and the bears neutral shit
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive of the neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral of the neutral positive things neutral neutral neutral positive lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral donald neutral of jj neutral becaus of hpositive . jj neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral for seasons neutral you could neutral neutral neutral the positive for
neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral clears jj
negator neutral positive negator the neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive the positive neutral that would neutral negative becaus that positive neutral neutral neutral when players started their neutral . neutral neutral the positive of the neutral neutral and neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive questions .
donald has neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive and positive neutral negative positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral jj neutral intensifier neutral imo . donald positive hnegative , has positive the hpositive neutral , neutral jj 's positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral 's positive .
jj positive negator positive positive the hnegative negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the mindset that if we neutral negative peaks neutral positive jj > hpositive anyon neutral has neutral played , neutral you negator intensifier hpositive negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral donald . intensifier sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for thi
neutral negator thi neutral . jj neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral donald has neutral positive . donald positive neutral positive neutral neutral , and that positive negator negative negative to him neutral neutral neutral .
jj neutral has neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
> what positive neutral with the jj neutral donald takes ? you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of him .
they neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral . we positive shitty neutral hnegative lavonte 's neutral . neutral positive neutral keuchly neutral him ( keuchly 's presnap neutral neutral neutral to negator when neutral played ) neutral neutral neutral lavonte positive arguably hpositive numbers than him and neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . hpositive stats than wagner neutral kuechly . if neutral would positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral than tampa , neutral would neutral positive neutral thi neutral . dure the neutral keuchly neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral tackles , intensifier qb hits , intensifier sacks , intensifier positive fumbles / recoveries , and intensifier tackles for negative . kuechly neutral positive neutral assists , interceptions and playoff games . neutral when compared to wagner . wagner neutral positive neutral assists , qb hits and sacks ( diminisher ) .
ehh we positive negative of ups and downs neutral from we neutral the playoffs hpositive and positive neutral seasons with wins . negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than the bucs neutral neutral the neutral years and negator neutral the playoffs neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral when neutral positive moss'd neutral julio , neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral positive neutral of the positive receivers neutral the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral him yards positive neutral .
jj neutral positive neutral pros neutral neutral to neutral ) negator negator hnegative where the neutral positive their stats from lol .
neutral neutral neutral years , positive you
ya neutral , neutral hpositive neutral mvp
intensifier ? neutral would neutral imagined neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . huh
neutral neutral neutral positive negator that negative of neutral negative . neutral neutral all-pros to lt 's and they neutral neutral dpoys . hnegative positive has the mvp neutral neutral donald matched neutral sacks neutral neutral my hnegative donald neutral neutral diminisher intensifier seasons of positive neutral neutral neutral catches neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral to neutral neutral
neutral , that positive negative negative . neutral neutral negative the neutral negator neutral reggi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral them neutral neutral donald .
> kuechly positive hpositive neutral neutral positive positive if neutral neutral negator neutral that dpoy we neutral negative neutral him positive . that neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier of / neutral players neutral neutral mvp neutral dpoy . what positive your neutral ? neutral *did* positive neutral . neutral how neutral positive ? neutral neutral all-pro for **seven** years neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of those neutral neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral the all-decade neutral
neutral , diminisher biased neutral neutral .
positive what neutral neutral referring to .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
and intensifier positive hnegative neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations writers neutral negator neutral him neutral hnegative the neutral neutral against him when neutral hof neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral someth hnegative of neutral
negative , neutral has neutral . goddamn
neutral would neutral negative for neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral linebacker lmao ?
negator neutral neutral the neutral , neutral keuchly neutral hpositive all-around
neutral positive neutral “ positive ” neutral “ positive neutral ”
neutral hpositive neutral with thi . kuechly neutral neutral and neutral the positive neutral linebacker and neutral hpositive than wagner , , neutral positive neutral neutral of famer neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator to negative him neutral neutral . neutral kuechly neutral hpositive hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral dunno , when they neutral played if you asked neutral neutral the positive hnegative neutral lb neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral
you neutral neutral . neutral easley positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral positive . hpositive , neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral kuechly
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive deserves to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral if neutral neutral putting neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral played neutral seasons of the neutral neutral . neutral has neutral dpoy neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral has the neutral negative of neutral neutral selections neutral neutral , which neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral playing neutral diminisher seasons neutral the neutral neutral than those neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral has the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral games ) , and positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral than neutral and neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral interceptions neutral neutral years ) . neutral neutral neutral chiefs neutral , neutral neutral of my hpositive friends positive neutral steelers neutral and neutral positive negative with neutral hpositive of neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral neutral positive . positive you neutral , neutral positive neutral and neutral for the steelers neutral when neutral positive neutral / hnegative the neutral .
neutral numbers neutral neutral hpositive than wagner and kuechley . neutral hpositive positive positive becaus diminisher voters would neutral him neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive
which positive neutral neutral negative neutral to them homie . lol . would negator positive owned neutral . positive neutral intensifier of neutral games and neutral negative of them . neutral the neutral neutral hnegative af . negator positive neutral that .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral and diminisher gets hnegative . negator to neutral neutral neutral . sacks , tackles , and int . neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive him to neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral kam neutral negator hpositive than sherm
that positive diminisher intensifier becaus neutral positive seasons positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral raiders teams that neutral neutral positive for neutral periods of neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral when the neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral him neutral intensifier negative . neutral von positive dumervil , neutral , and chubb amongst others neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral dunno if neutral would neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive situations , neutral von positive positive opportunities neutral neutral negator .
>mack neutral von positive negative to neutral . neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive putting neutral *lot* of neutral into their gsaab when ranking them . positive neutral their gsaab 's , neutral has neutral negative compared to neutral 's hnegative neutral . ( neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral with thi neutral , gsaab positive neutral neutral tallying games started neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dpoy and neutral neutral negator .
neutral positive negator positive neutral of neutral . neutral has positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral hpositive . db should neutral revis .
nah jj neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral accolades , jj neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral positions .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral means neutral when neutral the panthers neutral kuechly neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral and hpositive popped neutral the neutral . wagner has positive neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral
kuechly 's pre-snap reads positive intensifier hpositive . wagner , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral that negative . kuechly neutral neutral hpositive qb of the neutral , neutral neutral and wagner positive hpositive intensifier hpositive hnegative neutral lbs
neutral neutral that neutral shows neutral negative neutral pffs neutral
neutral jj neutral neutral multiquestion jj positive to dpoys and neutral neutral . neutral positive dpoys , and neutral neutral .
revis neutral the neutral that neutral to positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi list….then neutral dawned neutral neutral neutral positive fuck
neutral , neutral neutral him and willis hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral negative monsters .
yep , and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral their intensifier neutral neutral ( which they hnegative neutral ) and should've positive the intensifier neutral mvp . neutral hpositive negator hpositive to diminisher of the guys neutral thi neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lol numbers neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral . homers
neutral played with the jets and houston neutral
becaus " neutral " neutral him neutral neutral and hpositive neutral carries the chiefs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral positive negator positive the positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , becaus neutral neutral has overlapped with the hnegative guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral puts him neutral the neutral of positive defenders of the neutral .
neutral positive hpositive seasons , positive diminisher played . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral for years neutral neutral neutral . chri neutral has positive to donald for years and positive neutral the positive dt . you neutral negator neutral anyth if you negator neutral hpositive .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral my neutral with neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral excuses neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and attempted to neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral of negative neutral hnegative , neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral positive , your neutral stands . neutral positive my positive
neutral neutral clowney neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , negative neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive positive lol .
neutral you neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral to trophys neutral neutral . positive neutral the uk negative neutral neutral
neutral includes dishes , plates , and cups etc . intensifier neutral neutral they neutral neutral . neutral alot of neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral for their neutral neutral neutral the uk neutral neutral neutral means trophies .
neutral heard neutral slicked neutral neutral neutral negative
lives for positive neutral 's neutral .
im hnegative the neutral thinks neutral negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive for intensifier reasons to negative him . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive
positive - neutral positive hpositive and they neutral neutral neutral lol
the neutral ironic neutral neutral thi positive hnegative neutral neutral crabtree would neutral neutral neutral against positive pete neutral their matchups . neutral positive that neutral neutral where diminisher positive players hpositive for diminisher neutral neutral diminisher not-so-elite players they neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral . crabtree neutral neutral that for positive pete . diminisher positive stevie johnson for darelle revis .
peterson neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral against neutral neutral neutral to neutral to the intensifier neutral .
cardinals fans neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral , neutral with neutral , neutral neutral down-right hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , that ppf neutral neutral negator neutral
lol the " neutral neutral " neutral positive intensifier hnegative lol . neutral outta keim and bidwell 's mouths .
sheesh neutral positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ramsey has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator positive positive neutral neutral of those years positive neutral negative neutral imo . neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral the neutral the rams neutral the neutral
peterson hasn't neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc ramsey neutral into the neutral . ramsey has hpositive multistop
ramsey has positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral years
neutral negative paw'd neutral , julio needed hpositive intensifier yards to neutral yards , which would've positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral positive positive neutral nfl neutral , intensifier neutral would've neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral gets neutral neutral intensifier neutral " multistop neutral neutral neutral deion neutral neutral the neutral neutral int lmao
intensifier becaus negator that we negative him and negator neutral brady
you would neutral benched neutral
jameis neutral td 's and picks neutral neutral neutral
and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral negative
the deathbacker
neutral you for neutral
neutral neutral neutral they positive negative , neutral neutral from positive neutral :
neutral neutral negator arguing that , neutral that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . wagner , neutral , and neutral positive neutral hpositive players neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral negative
you neutral kam neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral than neutral wagner , neutral keuchly , neutral donald , jj neutral , neutral von neutral ? intensifier of hpositive neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral
neutral positive neutral our neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral positive neutral hnegative positive neutral him… and neutral you neutral neutral wr would neutral played against neutral hnegative positive neutral him . neutral destroyed neutral 's souls .
neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral downvoted for what neutral positive should neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . harrison neutral positive neutral hpositive than kam
stats would neutral you neutral . neutral neutral would negator . hnegative neutral neutral neutral focused neutral the neutral .
positive neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to the chargers neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral to the saints
neutral has neutral neutral neutral all-pros , intensifier neutral sacks and neutral intensifier tackles than donald .
neutral neutral jj neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that positive hpositive positive to the neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of watts neutral . neutral loses neutral years and negative intensifier hpositive dpoy neutral . when comparing their careers neutral neutral neutral ( which donald has neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral ) positive and makes positive
when the rams neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral positive negative neutral neutral donald neutral among the all-time greats neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral . if you neutral neutral the neutral of jj neutral neutral neutral donald neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
nah . negator biased neutral neutral neutral
diminisher sacks , diminisher tackles , neutral hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral putting jj neutral we neutral positive of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral , than neutral jj neutral
uhhhh… neutral negative to neutral you positive .
idk for neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral positive nfl personalities neutral the neutral years . neutral jackets and neutral neutral shit , intensifier neutral .
neutral positive neutral donald positive ? intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . negative of hpositive and neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive positive the neutral to neutral .
>jj neutral has neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive neutral seasons , to intensifier hpositive ones and that positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the jj neutral neutral takes . neutral has positive neutral seasons , to intensifier hpositive ones and neutral positive neutral playing .
depends what numbers . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral has intensifier tackles and ints neutral levomte positive intensifier sacks and ff .
neutral neutral neutral neutral stats neutral negator everyth for hnegative neutral lbs . if stats positive everyth , positive we positive neutral neutral to the neutral that neutral martinez neutral neutral the negative of these guys for neutral diminisher seasons until neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral pokémon neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive , neutral negator neutral the negative of kuechly , intensifier if you neutral the neutral and neutral how kuechly calls neutral plays pre neutral
neutral neutral would neutral and jj neutral neutral neutral dpoy neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral you hpositive neutral these stats ? neutral of them neutral hnegative . neutral positive and dpoy jj neutral positive and neutral should've positive mvp neutral and dpoy tj neutral has the neutral neutral and dpoy von neutral has to rings , droy , and neutral intensifier neutral mvp neutral neutral neutral tj 's stats becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral of outpacing neutral intensifier of those dpoy and numbers neutral the neutral diminisher years the von neutral intensifier neutral accolades would neutral neutral positive to neutral for tj neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive lt neutral neutral negative of hpositive neutral changed the neutral the neutral neutral played . neutral neutral hpositive of comparing stats neutral hpositive eras .
positive , thi positive intensifier neutral shit . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
> neutral neutral all-pro for neutral years neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of those neutral neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral the all-decade neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral played for years . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral which neutral positive the neutral neutral tackles and neutral neutral negative of the neutral . neutral neutral negative negative neutral .
negative positive neutral neutral negative of neutral and cheated neutral uas multistop neutral chased neutral of neutral neutral with your neutral neutral your neutral with neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative .
nah , neutral neutral fans neutral neutral hpositive neutral of earl…
neutral positive intensifier horrifying . neutral neutral negator hpositive that we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the double-mint twins . neutral and willis positive negative negative neutral .
the neutral ilbs neutral neutral with intensifier neutral pros than wagz neutral neutral and singletary . that positive neutral . and wagz ain't neutral positive . positive neutral 's neutral hnegative positive that neutral hates negative .
intensifier neutral . if kuechly positive wagner 's positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral and neutral the positive lb when neutral neutral playing neutral my eyes .
kuechly neutral neutral positive the negative neutral iq of neutral linebacker neutral nfl neutral , the neutral seemed to hpositive what neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the qb neutral neutral .
kuechly has positive stats to hnegative players positive neutral neutral wagner , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the los , positive neutral neutral plays neutral the neutral , which neutral neutral negator neutral wagner neutral neutral neutral . that positive what puts kuechly neutral everyon neutral for neutral . stats neutral hpositive neutral kuechly and the hnegative neutral guys , neutral stats neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral mlb , neutral kuechlys neutral positive puts him neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive positive neutral neutral these lbs neutral of hpositive positive neutral stats , they positive positive how intensifier hnegative kuechly neutral for negative mlb . neutral neutral negative hnegative qb of the neutral
wags neutral positive negative all-pro neutral neutral neutral and ( should've positive negative all-pro ) kam neutral neutral him . those neutral positive neutral hpositive than tre neutral , kurt coleman , colin neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral
they neutral negator neutral hpositive than wagner neutral kuechly , neutral they neutral neutral neutral that neutral should neutral recognized besid them . neutral of the stat hnegative neutral from playing hpositive positions ( olb neutral ilb ) . neutral : games , int , ff ( neutral shit ) , sacks , tackles , neutral hpositive you tfl , qbhits kuechly : games , int ( hnegative ) , ff , sacks , tackles , tfl , qbhits wagner : games , int , ff , sacks , tackles ( goddamn ) , tfl , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral jackets .
thi intensifier positive negator hpositive .
negator they neutral negator neutral hpositive , neutral positive fumbles neutral neutral hpositive than neutral of those neutral neutral wagner has hundreds intensifier tackles than him , intensifier qb hits , intensifier sacks , and intensifier ints
neutral negator niners neutral . if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral things would neutral hpositive . neutral negator neutral to those negative neutral fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . my hnegative . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral the nfl dure that positive , positive neutral games positive hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral of my neutral . you guys neutral neutral to neutral the positive players . neutral that neutral neutral , dure the neutral thru neutral , which positive when the neutral neutral neutral positive , you guys positive and against neutral . neutral positive positive that positive owned . negator hnegative neutral . those positive the positive games . neutral neutral neutral the neutral where kam neutral vernon davis 's neutral . kap scared the shit neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral td neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral we neutral neutral you . hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral notre neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative . neutral negative that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral of my favorites from nd
neutral . kam neutral the positive ss of the neutral , and neutral the neutral of the neutral , held neutral neutral positive , sherm neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that spam , pp , revis , gilmore , neutral ramsey neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive .
neutral positive the hpositive to neutral neutral against broncos neutral neutral retweet donald stephenson and neutral sacks neutral neutral neutral , which neutral propelled him to neutral neutral von for dpoy that neutral , neutral neutral ( neutral my hnegative hnegative ) contend von would've neutral if the broncos positive neutral hpositive that neutral negator neutral neutral negator positive , neutral neutral you neutral
von neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral has neutral pros , nfl droty , sb mvp , neutral sb championships , neutral neutral neutral , and sacks . neutral positive negator neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral dpoy becaus the raiders neutral to the playoffs that neutral and the broncos neutral negator . von neutral dpoy positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral hnegative the hpositive neutral - neutral dpoy voters neutral the neutral positive factored into their positive . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral . >mack 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral you neutral von isn't ? von intensifier neutral the nfl neutral run-defense neutral for neutral years . neutral , negator for negator negative thi positive neutral " greatest " neutral , neutral von positive neutral of the greatest playoff defenders - neutral neutral neutral - neutral nfl neutral . the negative negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral runs , including neutral neutral neutral to neutral sb positive and neutral intensifier neutral mvp neutral neutral of the neutral neutral playoff runs neutral . positive neutral neutral the negative negative neutral *again* for the rams neutral *their* sb neutral . neutral 's playoff neutral of neutral games ( neutral losses ) with ff , fr , int , qb hits and neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral that negative .
db should intensifier negator neutral revis . neutral positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral years , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons , neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative .
how positive the db revis if we neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral with the pats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive has the accolades neutral neutral multistop jj neutral from positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive streams hpositive to neutral jj neutral neutral . they should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral the hnegative positive that neutral has the positive , and neutral neutral positive negator *that* neutral neutral neutral 's . neutral neutral , neutral positive the greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and , neutral mentioned , neutral positive to dpoys the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral and neutral would negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral donald neutral positive the lineup for neutral . neutral hnegative the neutral , we should neutral hpositive to neutral neutral of the greatest neutral talents neutral neutral the positive of years
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral pros . and positive neutral positive neutral of jj neutral the neutral neutral rushmore neutral for revis , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lasted neutral of the neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral that positive . neutral you for your positive .
intensifier what you neutral neutral positive kuechly positive hpositive than wagner becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral wagner neutral ? that positive non-sense
neutral neutral negator wagner intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ?
jj positive dpoy
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral from
neutral neutral hpositive joking lmao . neutral neutral ramsey positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral von donald neutral neutral wagner neutral etc
and neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral that neutral neutral .
chri neutral neutral positive to neutral , neutral positive . and that positive neutral thi neutral neutral .
forks , knives , spoons etc multistop positive thi intensifier ?
neutral you neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negator , neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral intensifier negator heard anyon positive that for neutral neutral the neutral
gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator heard anyon neutral to trophies neutral neutral
negator neutral positive negator lol . neutral neutral negator heard anyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral the uk neutral . neutral negator the neutral neutral for neutral neutral
the neutral neutral cookies biscuits and elevators lifts
you neutral thi positive slicked neutral ? ! thi positive pushed neutral
negative steaks neutral tirfoni 's
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive gonna neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive him having negative positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral hpositive and hpositive him neutral neutral hpositive positive negative .
stevie johnson neutral the weirdest neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral intensifier of corners and neutral would neutral negative neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral would intensifier hnegative for negative neutral neutral .
neutral negator says neutral dure that neutral . fyi
peterson neutral positive to neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral positive the neutral neutral interceptions .
neutral positive their dumbass neutral and their dipshit neutral gm neutral that .
fuck keim and bidwell . neutral positive the games and positive him neutral neutral and neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator that neutral that neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral slowed positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the positive cb the neutral neutral gilmore neutral dpoy neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to jaire neutral hes positive neutral neutral hes hpositive negator positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral says that becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral to positive how neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier reminded neutral . negative neutral neutral and hpositive neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that
neutral that the neutral to kam ?
neutral you for neutral
that positive neutral neutral neutral “ neutral that neutral ” . neutral neutral negator neutral to the neutral of positive neutral , neutral neutral negator arguing with you neutral that . neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of the neutral would've positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral negator kam . neutral neutral everyon neutral him and that positive hpositive positive to neutral .
neutral neutral positive that ? negator . you neutral kam neutral negator neutral negative neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral the kool-aid
kam neutral hpositive than wagner when they played positive . neutral 's neutral has lasted neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive seasons until the neutral collapsed .
weddle , neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive
neutral intensifier neutral neutral has intensifier interceptions , tackles , pd , sacks . neutral neutral of neutral td , diminisher positive fumbles neutral intensifier negative recoveries . negator to neutral neutral neutral played with negative positive neutral neutral for to years , compared to neutral neutral positive chancelor and neutral for negative neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive neutral you the neutral pros neutral donald plays neutral neutral that positive neutral diminisher neutral to sacks and tackles
intensifier hpositive what you neutral neutral positive that jj neutral has neutral diminisher all-pros and intensifier sacks hnegative playing for intensifier seasons than neutral donald , neutral positive negative idl and gets diminisher sacks neutral neutral neutral ? neutral multistop
neutral we neutral negator neutral and intensifier neutral neutral beats neutral neutral tackles ( and passes defensed , jj positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral passes to neutral neutral )
you neutral comparing neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral . positive they neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral sacks neutral ends the neutral . donald neutral neutral . donald 's has to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons neutral nfl neutral . pff has neutral neutral the negative negative neutral neutral neutral positive years
neutral passes and touchdowns gotta neutral for someth negative
neutral neutral surprised diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral years . neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral positive negative the neutral neutral . if we neutral wrs the neutral neutral would we intensifier neutral diggs neutral jefferson ? diggs has the positive and the hpositive becaus neutral positive intensifier neutral points neutral neutral years jefferson has positive neutral himself neutral neutral hpositive wr than diggs . neutral neutral has neutral hpositive neutral and if neutral negative to neutral him that positive negative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the negative neutral neutral positive the positive years neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral jj neutral positive among the neutral neutral greats negative . neutral neutral positive negative neutral jj neutral the neutral neutral neutral lt and reggi neutral . neutral donalds neutral negative years , neutral neutral positive donald neutral neutral the positive dlineman neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive that neutral changed neutral with neutral neutral , neutral if neutral couldve neutral hpositive neutral and thi positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive matters and that what puts neutral neutral the neutral for neutral .
neutral the positive dt to neutral neutral , hnegative positive neutral negative
sacks and tackles neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral determining neutral for neutral
hnegative you neutral downvoted neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
jj 's neutral seasons positive lt / reggi neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral less-than-great seasons . neutral positive sacks neutral neutral and negator noticed . neutral positive positive intensifier neutral sacks and tackles than donald .
that positive neutral neutral neutral arguably . for how hpositive their numbers neutral you positive neutral lavonte positive neutral the neutral intensifier .
neutral positive hpositive negator neutral , neutral positive neutral playing .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral when neutral negative negative intimidating neutral . negator hpositive neutral negative neutral positive , neutral the soul-crushing hnegative of negative neutral you neutral the neutral that the intensifier neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral 's neutral positive neutral positive what you neutral neutral to neutral of the neutral positive neutral positive .
> neutral neutral hpositive , neutral negator neutral the negative of kuechly , intensifier if you neutral the neutral and neutral how kuechly calls neutral plays pre neutral neutral negative and someth to neutral neutral . kuechly gets the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral weakside lb that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral mlb and positive neutral neutral plays neutral neutral ? becaus neutral has positive negator hpositive lb neutral cancelling neutral plays .
you could negator neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and hpositive negator positive neutral neutral him . hpositive stats with neutral diminisher positive neutral him than kuechly positive .
neutral the neutral pros would neutral neutral hnegative sinc neutral neutral would negator neutral positive from
>i neutral negator hpositive lt neutral neutral negative of hpositive neutral changed the neutral the neutral neutral played . neutral neutral hpositive of comparing stats neutral hpositive eras . lt changed , the neutral teams neutral neutral tackles , neutral neutral neutral benefited from playing offenses that positive negator positive neutral for negative positive neutral neutral
has the neutral of what negative positive dt negator changed . neutral neutral my neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative that positive the neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive .
neutral neutral donald has changed the dt neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral negative , quicker dt neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator changing how the neutral operates neutral neutral , neutral what the “ negative ” of what neutral dt neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive negative of hpositive than lt and lt positive positive neutral game-changer becaus of the neutral neutral played . lt neutral lbs and neutral neutral neutral . the changed the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral when negative neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher positive the hnegative neutral .
neutral that hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral gatherings : “ you neutral positive neutral negator positive that negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive than saquan barkley . neutral neutral saquan positive the olympics negator shoes multiquestion neutral neutral , neutral neutral played negator feet ! ”
>bobby 's neutral hnegative positive that neutral hates negative neutral him hnegative the neutral
neutral would the safeties negative neutral thi neutral ?
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral intensifier instinctu neutral plays , and seemed neutral intensifier quicker to neutral neutral plays than bwag ( neutral neutral hpositive intensifier positive and neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral than neutral )
lavonte has neutral neutral tfls neutral neutral of them negative and intensifier than neutral the for fuck 's neutral they neutral for . that positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral lavonte positive positive underrated , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lb positive neutral neutral where neutral stats neutral hnegative to neutral to positive of neutral ( neutral neutral thi positive neutral of hpositive for neutral neutral neutral , neutral from neutral neutral rushers neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral stat ) . negative of tackles intensifier positive neutral stat that includes neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral . neutral , negator quibbling that lavonte neutral deserves to neutral mentioned neutral these conversations—just opining that ilb positive neutral neutral where neutral positive hnegative to hpositive intensifier neutral comparisons .
intensifier int neutral sacks
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . and neutral neutral niner neutral , would negator you neutral hpositive for neutral neutral ?
that positive what neutral means to neutral neutral neutral ? to hpositive neutral excuses for neutral you neutral ?
ya you guys neutral neutral , neutral they positive neutral neutral games . with our negative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral . and that speaks negator to the hnegative negative calls that neutral . and neutral positive negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral to their sb . y'all neutral neutral neutral and negative , neutral positive negator negative owning neutral . negator positive neutral where we neutral the neutral 's neutral . haha . although they neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral sb intensifier they neutral the neutral that mattered neutral neutral negative .
revis has intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and how positive neutral hpositive than sherm neutral that positive , gilmore has to neutral pros to sherms
neutral positive dpoy becaus the broncos missed the playoffs and the raiders overachieved and neutral the playoffs . von neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , and intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive of the neutral ( neutral ) factored into neutral .
von balling the neutral neutral neutral the playoffs and negative the neutral of peyton neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral von 's negative .
neutral neutral neutral , negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral moments becaus neutral played for hnegative teams . neutral neutral neutral neutral pff grades neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive points .
neutral positive neutral positive positive how neutral into the we neutral . covid neutral hnegative and neutral that . and neutral jj and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral . jj arguably has the positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's . neutral eclipses donald neutral positive margins neutral neutral neutral stat . if you positive to hpositive lists of their neutral single-season numbers , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral with negative neutral donald neutral neutral .
idk where you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than jj from
neutral neutral neutral wagner neutral became neutral neutral the positive linebacker neutral kuechly neutral and neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier than years neutral
neutral neutral positive shermans stats neutral neutral neutral to jalens . positive hnegative neutral cb the hardest neutral neutral to positive negator neutral neutral neutral rushers
geez multistop and your neutral neutral neutral ? positive positive neutral for bal .
neutral to wikipedia , neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) refers to neutral : intensifier , neutral dpoy trophies would neutral , neutral would sb rings . neutral positive neutral hpositive what neutral neutral positive lol
that positive neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of shit .
if you neutral gonna hpositive neutral 's neutral with neutral accomplishments and the neutral overrated stat for judging corners ,
if you positive that neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral you negative , becaus you negative neutral the hnegative . the neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . kam neutral neutral neutral negative neutral lol . neutral neutral negative .
yup
neutral
neutral wasn't…earl neutral , richard neutral , and neutral wagner positive neutral hpositive players . neutral bennett has neutral hpositive neutral negative
neutral negator positive eric neutral
neutral neutral those tfl negative . neutral positive negator neutral neutral for harrison neutral and for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral the neutral neutral that positive hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral , which positive negator neutral neutral that positive “ neutral intensifier neutral to sacks ” than neutral dt . neutral neutral schemes neutral positive positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral phillips neutral the dc for neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the dc for donald neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . they neutral played the neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral coordinator . if you neutral neutral donald 's stats when neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral dt . neutral positive khalil neutral positive neutral neutral / olb , which positive neutral intensifier neutral to sacks . neutral and donald neutral neutral neutral / dt .
neutral neutral , neutral of neutral , that positive negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral sacks neutral tackles neutral intensifier hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral jj neutral they would've moved him neutral . neutral , that positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral positive neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive positive sapp , chri neutral , etc . neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral occupies neutral gaps neutral moves neutral neutral neutral neutral downs . and neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive sacks and tackles . neutral positive intensifier pressures , intensifier qb hits , neutral intensifier passes defensed . neutral positive negator neutral neutral that puts donald neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
donald neutral competing with dts and neutral with des neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they hpositive played the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the all-pro comparisons .
neutral played intensifier games negative . neutral of neutral neutral positive positive intensifier positive and intensifier neutral than donald . neutral neutral hpositive neutral shit neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , how neutral tackles for negative ? neutral has the neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative single-season totals . qb hits ? donald 's neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral hpositive . hpositive , the neutral neutral donald neutral hpositive neutral neutral letting the qb positive neutral , neutral neutral reads , and neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral hpositive touting donald neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral donald , neutral lets negator neutral positive neutral negator the neutral greatest neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc negative positive
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , they neutral positive positions , neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral downs .
neutral neutral . hpositive neutral thi neutral negative mossing dbs lmao
neutral , the intensifier you neutral the negative the intensifier negative neutral looks .
if neutral donald played neutral the neutral would neutral neutral negative mvp positive alan neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral of the greatest players to neutral neutral
lol neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral jj neutral . the patriots neutral to positive for him neutral having neutral neutral intensifier brooms neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive brady neutral to neutral passes .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral rushers and neutral corners , neutral having positive linebackers positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral . guys that neutral hpositive pre neutral , neutral , neutral neutral gaps to neutral neutral plays for diminisher / negator neutral , neutral when needed and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral ballcarriers . keuchly and davis positive neutral hnegative positive for you guys . we positive the hpositive of willis and neutral dure that neutral neutral . although the positive we neutral neutral ain't to positive neutral .
ya hes defs neutral neutral diminisher of the negative tobacky
neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral negative to neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral reservations to anointing positive players into neutral neutral neutral lists becaus of their fond memories , neutral neutral neutral positive that when neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral for donald , neutral would neutral viewed neutral the neutral neutral . what sets the greats hpositive positive how you neutral viewed neutral to your peers . lt 's neutral neutral neutral reggi neutral and they neutral neutral positive neutral defenders of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral donald positive negator neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral . neutral jj neutral would neutral if neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rams games neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral the neutral neutral that lt neutral . neutral would neutral neutral garrett neutral neutral .
positive , fuck outta neutral .
> neutral positive neutral positive negative of hpositive than lt hnegative . how neutral neutral you ? neutral neutral negative neutral and negator neutral lt neutral ? lt > donald . and donald positive neutral my neutral neutral positive rams neutral
negator , neutral him hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
becaus neutral positive neutral panthers neutral lol
bwagz positive neutral the hpositive neutral . keuchly hnegative neutral positive intensifier neutral and hpositive instincts , neutral when wagner positive neutral , the neutral neutral neutral , negator questions asked
neutral neutral the tfls neutral to neutral expected neutral neutral plays olb negator ilb . neutral neutral those for fuck 's neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
the rams neutral our neutral
jj neutral played for neutral hnegative texans neutral and neutral intensifier positive , the positive neutral their neutral . neutral neutral positive negator the hpositive neutral , neutral if neutral positive negative positive neutral . diminisher neutral neutral supports von neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral positive positions . neutral neutral has hpositive stats . neutral *should , * they neutral negator neutral the neutral positions . sacks positive negative all-time neutral for negative neutral . sacks for negative idl positive neutral neutral shit .
positive peaks of years neutral dpoy ) neutral donald neutral neutral healthier for neutral . and positive to neutral 's and donald positive neutral neutral
ahhh hpositive neutral neutral : fuck neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral of if negator the greatest neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive . neutral statements neutral neutral hpositive .
that positive intensifier the neutral neutral neutral google that positive negator forks and neutral neutral redirects to the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to positive neutral positive that . neutral neutral neutral to you .
you positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral trophies than neutral ?
yup , neutral neutral neutral fans neutral to trophies neutral negative
>i neutral negator heard anyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral for positive neutral 's neutral . negative steaks neutral trufonni 's .
yup , neutral neutral kam . neutral to neutral fg attempts .
harrison neutral neutral neutral everyth and intensifier deserves the hof . him and kevin williams .
neutral neutral jj neutral played the neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive positive positive .
neutral 's positive plays positive neutral when neutral neutral neutral fr neutral for hpositive the positive of neutral neutral , the neutral neutral jj neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the fuck neutral wanted to . players neutral neutral neutral and talked positive neutral thi negative - - - neutral neutral neutral neutral wants and the hnegative guys neutral to positive . neutral the neutral neutral years of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral houston , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and diminisher than neutral neutral ( hpositive from neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative polamalu neutral neutral positive neutral neutral cmc neutral neutral positive rb
neutral has played intensifier seasons lmao . neutral using tackles neutral neutral of anyth positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , wtf . if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral gets sacks positive donald you neutral him neutral , becaus neutral intensifier positive , and hpositive to hpositive neutral guys neutral neutral neutral sacks . youd neutral to neutral negative negative to neutral him neutral .
becaus multistop neutral positive hpositive than donald ? lol
you neutral neutral downvotes neutral that positive positive .
neutral plays ilb . neutral neutral olb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral lb , negator negative neutral .
dure the neutral we neutral neutral neutral games . neutral neutral to bets neutral neutral that the would positive . neutral . neutral neutral against my rams neutral positive . intensifier the neutral we neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral bets neutral neutral neutral neutral against the neutral neutral . neutral when the neutral , they neutral the rams neutral . haha .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral , neutral positive tackles for negative and passes defensed neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral qb hits neutral neutral hpositive seasons . if anyon has neutral neutral numbers , neutral positive him . neutral neutral positive donald positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive , sacks positive negative hnegative negative . neutral negator positive intensifier than neutral negative neutral . keith millard positive neutral neutral . positive sapp positive neutral neutral . neutral randl positive negative chri neutral positive neutral hpositive seasons . dure neutral positive seven-year neutral , donald positive sacks . neutral randl positive neutral neutral from the neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive the positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . donald has positive positive hpositive than neutral randl , positive sapp , and neutral hnegative neutral neutral , and that intensifier positive neutral someth , neutral neutral positive negator jj friggin' neutral .
you negator hpositive neutral neutral dpoys and neutral them neutral . jj 's dpoy years neutral arguably the positive years neutral neutral has neutral positive .
lol , neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of messages neutral revis has positive neutral for seasons…that 's neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when referring to trophies neutral neutral ‘soccer' . positive neutral neutral for forks and knives aswel neutral .
thi positive what trophies neutral referred to neutral neutral .
>i'm neutral to you . lol . hnegative neutral holmes , neutral neutral negator creating neutral wikipedia neutral for my neutral neutral reddit .
neutral of googling . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
when neutral the neutral you positive replying to neutral neutral ? intensifier becaus neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral regularily neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral regularily neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral that positive the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and moved neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral played . neutral , that positive negator diminisher neutral neutral him , neutral 's the neutral neutral neutral could neutral that , donald neutral .
neutral has hpositive numbers than donald neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral sacks from the neutral than neutral positive to neutral tfl and pds from the neutral becaus the neutral neutral has neutral happened neutral neutral neutral .
which means donald hasn't positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral than neutral positive .
neutral of my r/nfl neutral .
lol . neutral . we could neutral and those to losses could neutral positive against the rams lol . and they would neutral owned neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the rams neutral their neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral they neutral vs everyon neutral
and neutral that neutral neutral negator . thi positive negator negative neutral , neutral positive neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral neutral dpoy , neutral positive what neutral neutral : - games played , sacks - games played , sacks - neutral neutral , sacks - games , sacks - games , sacks - games , neutral - games , sacks . neutral that neutral positive , neutral donald neutral dpoys and neutral neutral pros .
neutral neutral neutral multistop years neutral . neutral everyth feelings intensifier whacked neutral from covid lol
> when neutral the neutral you positive replying to neutral neutral ? should neutral intensifier neutral to ? we neutral neutral /r/nfl , neutral subreddit dedicated to neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral the neutral and positive to neutral neutral that exists neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral speaks neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral disclaimers neutral neutral “ neutral discussions positive neutral neutral neutral . ”
neutral neutral . my neutral specified that neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier unless you neutral negative neutral of that , you neutral negator contradicted anyth neutral neutral . neutral : the neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral to intensifier intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and that neutral what neutral responded to . they neutral " positive neutral the uk *too* neutral neutral " ( hpositive neutral ) . what positive the neutral of that " negative " if they neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
what ? neutral donald has missed positive games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has missed neutral hpositive neutral neutral seasons .
neutral positive negator neutral positive the positive neutral . neutral positive positive nfl defenders *of* the neutral neutral and for years , that neutral jj neutral and neutral positive negator neutral . and donald 's neutral neutral years neutral hpositive neutral that positive , neutral the negative to which they neutral the positive positive arguably negator neutral to neutral him neutral jj positive to the all-time positive of the neutral .
neutral if donald neutral neutral neutral would neutral played negative neutral neutral diminisher than jj neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral the games to neutral positive for them .
donald positive the hpositive neutral of the neutral years and neutral . neutral hnegative the neutral goggles .
they neutral positive dpoys neutral years . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral texans neutral .
how positive tds neutral neutral for neutral neutral tds for neutral ends lol
neutral positive would neutral neutral
panthers could neutral negative neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral from neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral moments . positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to positive neutral . neutral positive positive .
you neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral positive him neutral neutral neutral . latu positive negative positive neutral . neutral negator neutral him hpositive negative catches neutral neutral intensifier of yards neutral the hnegative , neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier of neutral touchdowns neutral from neutral “ neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ” neutral neutral neutral neutral negator our positive redzone neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral becaus neutral dropped neutral intensifier of balls . neutral positive neutral surprised if neutral neutral earlier than the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher seasons to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hands neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral negator neutral neutral them . oj neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral that hpositive negator positive the neutral stats . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral + injuries fucked neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive if teams neutral neutral to neutral that tes neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive intensifier you hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral when the neutral neutral
neutral negative they neutral negator positive ozzie newsome neutral neutral neutral neutral tds ) .
the intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral with neutral neutral + neutral neutral intensifier of options to neutral the neutral to ( aiyuk , kittl , cmc , deebo , and positive neutral jennings ) . intensifier neutral if they positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive positive that neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral the
neutral could neutral neutral into neutral if you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral bama neutral neutral neutral negator thrilled neutral him neutral neutral neutral . when neutral positive hpositive neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral has neutral positive hnegative , and neutral tends to hnegative for neutral stretches . negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the imo , neutral neutral could neutral hpositive if neutral likes neutral negative and neutral
neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive
hoping for zack kuntz neutral neutral neutral neutral . with our neutral neutral neutral has diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral everyth you could negative neutral neutral to neutral
neutral from neutral cowboys neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ceedee neutral that neutral and we neutral neutral lol
kittl neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral of passes and neutral neutral hands when we positive him , intensifier neutral neutral we neutral the neutral neutral to neutral him if we neutral him
cowboys neutral neutral positive .
oj neutral neutral bama neutral neutral games : hnegative oj neutral neutral bama neutral negative games : intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
intensifier neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral factoring neutral their contracts . kelce , kittl , andrews . wherea neutral positive receivers neutral positive positive neutral their neutral contracts .
> hpositive if teams neutral neutral to neutral that tes neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive which makes neutral neutral the intensifier positive that neutral positive neutral tes from neutral drafted neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral .
eh kittl misses games neutral neutral and the backups neutral negator anyth neutral journeymen neutral with diminisher neutral would neutral neutral
purdi positive passed the neutral neutral intensifier and became neutral pass-first neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral hnegative jams neutral , and positive positive the dropsies . negator neutral neutral combo .
brandon cooks should neutral neutral hpositive and neutral gallup neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral from neutral acl hnegative should hpositive tbf neutral intensifier positive jake ferguson neutral
neutral that sounds positive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral goedert , neutral neutral positive positive negative backloaded - neutral neutral until when neutral jumps to
to neutral neutral , kittl positive hpositive neutral from that neutral neutral and neutral loves to neutral their tes . hockenson has positive intensifier hpositive . neutral negator followed fant neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive how hpositive neutral positive .
neutral hpositive , hockenson neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral , and fant neutral positive diminisher neutral pitts-esc neutral . they positive negator negative picks neutral the neutral
neutral purdi 's starts ( that neutral played neutral of the neutral ) neutral averaged attempts per neutral . that positive neutral the nfl for attempts per neutral . negative , neutral positive neutral the they neutral the neutral intensifier with neutral .
ohhhhhhhhh iswydt
*sees neutral neutral neutral *knows we neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative my neutral to neutral the lombardi neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral negator wanna neutral dumbass bidwill neutral neutral
“ hpositive ” positive neutral neutral neutral for owners neutral the nfl owes diminisher hnegative for their contributions to the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the davis neutral ( raiders ) , and the rooneys ( steelers ) . neutral . snyder neutral fuck neutral hnegative . neutral spanos* neutral fuck neutral hnegative . the bidwells neutral fuck neutral hnegative .
neutral kahn . immigrated to the states . neutral negative neutral from the neutral neutral . employs neutral neutral neutral neutral ( the toyota neutral ) that centers neutral investing neutral your employees and partners to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral . for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral everyth sheila neutral has neutral for the lions , neutral , neutral neutral neutral , she deserves neutral positive , she positive the positive , neutral neutral negator negative neutral how hpositive she positive neutral , neutral , neutral she positive hpositive neutral neutral of negative neutral that you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral assholes , diminisher neutral hpositive leaked neutral hnegative than others .
gotta positive steelers . negative the fans , neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the packers , becaus my parents neutral " neutral owners " , and they neutral neutral . hnegative if you positive that neutral bs neutral becaus the neutral positive negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral the " neutral " , sinc neutral positive the neutral neutral , positive we hpositive neutral diminisher positive becaus neutral blows and neutral has hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral hnegative owners to hpositive neutral judgement . raiders neutral hpositive the neutral becaus of neutral davis' shitty neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative our neutral
neutral neutral to neutral with the steelers becaus neutral negator positive minnesota . neutral minnesota neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive facilities , neutral , neutral . players neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral mn .
fuck neutral of the owners intensifier the ones neutral neutral stadiums with neutral neutral .
if you positive neutral the negative , and positive neutral neutral of the hpositive neutral neutral has neutral neutral diminisher balances the negative ? neutral ? … multistop neutral ?
negator that neutral neutral to neutral negative nfl neutral deserves positive .
neutral positive positive neutral mccaskey and neutral mom neutral hpositive hpositive folks neutral sinc neutral negator positive for them neutral would positive the vikings

neutral negator intensifier hpositive the owners positive that… neutral neutral the rooneys . with that neutral neutral , jim irsay has neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral hell… neutral seems positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . negative , neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral .
the negator of the chargers and neutral spanos neutral the comments positive positive
giants hpositive the neutral positive . browns hpositive the neutral positive . giants becaus fuck you . browns becaus positive .
thi neutral neutral of messages intensifier makin neutral neutral our neutral .
fuck spanos !
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral neutral positive negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . seems positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral posts with the falcons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shoutout . my neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral of the neutral that neutral neutral neutral 's neutral hnegative aisles when using lifts ) and neutral neutral neutral visited her neutral the positive . neutral intensifier positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of everyth she has needed neutral her neutral .
if we neutral negative neutral the neutral owners neutral exploited workers , neutral payers , and neutral knows neutral neutral to neutral to where they neutral ; positive negator hpositive positive .
hpositive hnegative neutral neutral hpositive the rooneys and browns / commanders neutral the hpositive choices to neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral negative biased to neutral neutral to neutral thi negative . “ hpositive things for bengals , hnegative things for steelers ” positive intensifier the neutral neutral that computes , neutral neutral neutral neutral should hpositive hnegative things neutral the browns neutral neutral .
the packers for neutral
positive what you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral takes neutral of neutral guys . zeke positive neutral negator hpositive from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive wanted to hpositive neutral neutral .
the chiefs for neutral neutral mahomes
broncos hpositive the neutral positive & the rams the neutral intensifier that the walton neutral gatherings positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral if they neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral to negative neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral
steelers neutral to neutral neutral of their players . seahawks neutral neutral wagner , neutral neutral diminisher negative shit
* " deserves positive negator to neutral with neutral . " *
neutral : detroit neutral : browns
neutral hpositive : neutral neutral packers , inc ( hnegative the neutral neutral the positive negative neutral , neutral funding neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negator neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative ) ; neutral neutral ( hnegative hating the pats neutral the neutral positive neutral hands neutral neutral neutral bothers to neutral with the players and defers neutral decisions to neutral hof neutral / gm ) neutral hpositive : dan snyder ( neutral the positive neutral deutschbag we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - negative , has hpositive cases against him neutral neutral neutral and sexist , and to neutral hnegative thi shit neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral positive to the neutral neutral has intensifier positive them neutral years with neutral neutral ) ; neutral bidwell ( nepo neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has owned the neutral sinc neutral hasn't neutral neutral neutral sinc truman , and neutral neutral has lacked neutral positive until the hnegative
packers for neutral .
rooney neutral wins hands - and hpositive
we positive the positive neutral until neutral diminisher years neutral . neutral we neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral positive negator that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reports ( positive hnegative of neutral guards , neutral ) that positive neutral to neutral preparing to neutral the neutral neutral has neutral negator indications of neutral occurring . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with sheila hamp for hpositive the neutral positive . she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral with neutral neutral of negative . neutral she has the neutral and has her hpositive . intensifier neutral she positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral the lions , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral continues . positive , the detroit fans hpositive neutral negative . hnegative multistop neutral has to neutral snyder neutral haslem . the neutral of hpositive positive hpositive negative for neutral . neutral trafficking your employees , positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lands for your neutral , hpositive to sets of books to neutral neutral , neutral from your positive customers , signing neutral neutral positive neutral to the largest guaranteed positive , and neutral neutral neutral of hnegative positive that neutral negator neutral neutral becaus positive the neutral positive hpositive negative neutral .
neutral neutral , the browns hpositive the negative they neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral years for signing neutral positive neutral to negative neutral the neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral , handcuffing themselv neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral the bills neutral having positive . intensifier if hamlin makes neutral negative .
neutral : steelers , falcons , seahawks neutral : neutral , thi should neutral the neutral neutral .
browns , commies and texans negative neutral to positive neutral those that neutral negator hpositive negative neutral of positive . that positive neutral stan kroenke ( fuck you ) . if neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral that sucked the neutral , neutral the packers positive to them negator neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral that , neutral the rooneys .
neutral thi neutral , negator of them hpositive to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , sinc they neutral neutral owned neutral neutral negative of neutral assholes .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral billionaires neutral hpositive shitty neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral shitty neutral neutral intensifier idk what positive the negative
neutral negative neutral the owners negative
thi neutral : browns negator neutral for positive neutral qb . steelers neutral for positive qb . r/nfl neutral .
the neutral negative neutral neutral of the woes of the ny jets for the neutral years multistop
lions
packers neutral .
neutral positive : sheila neutral hamp has neutral neutral intensifier to neutral the lions neutral the neutral diminisher years , and she neutral cares neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral that translates to neutral hpositive on-field neutral . neutral positive : neutral my biased neutral hnegative , the haslams . neutral hpositive cleveland . neutral hpositive the browns . neutral negative chubb & garrett to neutral rings . neutral neutral negator negative the haslams to positive . their negative neutral , negator of long-term neutral , and attempts to neutral shortcuts neutral neutral the neutral into the neutral
neutral to neutral neutral , positive bowlen of the broncos neutral neutral positive neutral .
surprised neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral mentions neutral .
kc has positive positive , neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative hnegative . hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral billionaires .
neutral terms of rooting against the browns neutral neutral neutral for signing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the commanders . rooting for neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral fuck what neutral neutral wins neutral neutral . if neutral neutral negator rooting for my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to players neutral positive and that positive neutral .
lions hpositive the neutral positive becaus they positive the greatest neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral him to neutral neutral
the neutral neutral whose neutral deserves positive positive the packers . neutral hnegative neutral positive owned neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral shithead neutral should negator neutral ( billionaires , that positive ) neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral gets that negative positive neutral exploiting neutral and / neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral deserves the neutral : the rams
neutral positive : patriots , steelers , etc . neutral positive : neutral the neutral ( neutral ) of the falcons , panthers , redskins , etc . , , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral shows neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral nepo neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral makes neutral neutral neutral to ( neutral neutral neutral ) hpositive neutral neutral players positive neutral neutral .
negator of them hpositive anyth . they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for someth that requires intensifier diminisher neutral , neutral of them neutral neutral jobs neutral ceos that neutral neutral neutral intensifier of their neutral if we negative to negative neutral players , coaches , fanbases neutral hpositive positive that positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral - snyder neutral - packers owners cuz they neutral negator billionaires
they neutral neutral owned neutral billionaires . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of them neutral owned neutral hpositive neutral lol . intensifier kroenke hnegative my hnegative
packers neutral , the neutral neutral hpositive billionaires , and neutral negator thinknyou neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral if you neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive neutral deserves the neutral positive
neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral the browns . positive the signing of watson and the guaranted neutral , neutral sets the neutral intensifier positive for hnegative teams . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral paid neutral neutral diminisher frustrated deshawn watson paved the neutral multistop you hpositive what neutral neutral , positive could negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . for positive neutral my hnegative the bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seems . hpositive fundamentals , neutral neutral and neutral , they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . negator positive intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral . positive the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral that positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral .
jeff lurie . neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative . they hpositive hnegative inputs neutral neutral miracles neutral the neutral . neutral positive they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral : browns . kroenke negative . neutral : neutral negator neutral , they neutral neutral intensifier neutral than neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral . they positive neutral " positive " .
whoever buys the commanders deserves the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral from dan
if neutral neutral positive thi : neutral positive hpositive positive to hpositive neutral we pissed hnegative ?
positive the chiefs and im neutral neutral hnegative raiders neutral
neutral would positive to neutral the commies positive neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral snyder sells
neutral neutral negator hpositive if their hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive how the steelers neutral negator neutral hc carousel .
neutral neutral negative hpositive owners negator neutral neutral ? cleveland 's and neutral 's owners negator hpositive neutral neutral , their fans neutral negator .
steelers imo .
commanders and cardinals hpositive neutral the neutral . seems to neutral the negative of neutral hnegative fermented shit neutral , neutral neutral neutral nfl teams neutral . neutral positive the lions hpositive neutral the neutral ( fans neutral )
chargers should neutral neutral dumpster hpositive neutral . to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , to neutral neutral to the neutral hated neutral neutral positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral soley becaus the neutral owns neutral
the neutral that deserves the neutral positive positive our neutral neutral . the neutral that deserves the neutral positive positive whoever our neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral to snyder than the neutral owners negative neutral the neutral neutral destroyed into neutral negative neutral .
positive : the steelers . to coaches neutral years and tomlin positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral when they neutral hnegative they neutral negator that hnegative . hnegative : neutral johnson . neutral positive negator neutral . the browns and commanders neutral positive hnegative neutral the jets neutral positive intensifier negative and the johnsons neutral hpositive neutral intensifier losers . intensifier neutral neutral neutral . the jets neutral arguably the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . they negator positive shit and paid neutral neutral dollars ( metlife neutral to neutral years neutral ) to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . and neutral positive hnegative than neutral neutral which neutral hnegative neutral fuck .
neutral : sheila neutral : wcf / martha
sheila neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator biased . she intensifier loves the neutral and wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . gotta positive she positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . she reminds neutral of neutral from hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral the positive neutral for neutral that positive hpositive for their teams negator of positive positive the spanos neutral multistop neutral neutral dreams neutral neutral hnegative . positive what you positive neutral neutral rivers , diminisher of those chargers teams positive neutral neutral of famers neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and could negator neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral justin neutral becaus they neutral negative negative to neutral staley to neutral rocks and neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
lurie positive the neutral . neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral we hpositive lol )
neutral positive positive the lions should neutral neutral hpositive neutral than they neutral . negative neutral should've neutral them to the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the browns and commanders
you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to neutral my positive lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the mccaskey 's , neutral neutral positive positive neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral she shuffles hnegative her neutral neutral neutral honour of her neutral and neutral neutral himself
hpositive has positive negator to neutral with neutral
positive the wilfs neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl owners neutral . hands hnegative neutral that coaches neutral neutral their neutral , hands neutral neutral to neutral neutral coaches neutral neutral neutral their neutral positive , they neutral negator positive negative neutral neutral the neutral , they neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what the positive neutral for owners looks positive , neutral neutral hpositive what the neutral neutral looks positive ( neutral snyder you sonofabitch ) , and they positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral , negative and hnegative , neutral neutral the neutral , etc . neutral neutral neutral accounts neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral with kati and the neutral of the neutral . intensifier neutral that kati positive hpositive our de-facto neutral neutral neutral she deserves the positive we neutral neutral having . she positive neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral our positive has intensifier changed , for the hpositive . neutral if neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral with the bears sinc the mccaskeys neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that overrules the neutral and makes them neutral the neutral neutral neutral qb neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral minnesota and detroit . neutral hpositive we neutral hpositive the lions neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hates them , neutral neutral negator they negative their neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral the neutral neutral someth ? fwiw , jed neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative negative neutral neutral kid neutral to my negative hasn't neutral anyth neutral positive neutral owners neutral to neutral neutral . intensifier that positive neutral hpositive lol . neutral neutral neutral of neutral feelings positive neutral gets teased neutral neutral gatherings for negator having neutral neutral positive neutral neutral eddi 's neutral neutral with neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral jed neutral and neutral neutral negative negative haha .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral titans neutral that the haslams neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral .
**bills** . the pegulas neutral positive neutral multistop *\*a lot\** thi neutral neutral , and neutral intensifier neutral hpositive and hpositive to the neutral of neutral , neutral neutral the hnegative of neutral . that positive neutral from my neutral . neutral the flipside , neutral neutral from my neutral , **carolina** has deserved\* the neutral becaus fuck tepper . neutral neutral neutral , neutral , and greg intensifier hnegative when neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral hires . - neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral improvements thi off-season , intensifier we positive neutral how neutral the neutral ( diminisher negative ) negative for him lasts .
neutral neutral and the neutral falcons . sinc buying the neutral from the neutral neutral , neutral has neutral everyth to neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral . the neutral negative neutral positive having neutral positive that has negative him hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hires neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the years has positive frustrating and the neutral neutral neutral expectations positive we positive negative neutral the neutral neutral and neutral fans neutral positive hoping for .
neutral positive neutral and mccaskey neutral to neutral positive negator billioaires " hpositive " anyth . packers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier them neutral negative .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral my neutral . neutral the mccaskeys neutral neutral and they neutral fuck neutral hnegative . they neutral positive hpositive neutral , neutral neutral has neutral decades of hpositive , to neutral neutral proud neutral , positive to positive
our neutral shall neutral multistop neutral multistop hpositive multistop neutral knows ? negative
neutral ? neutral neutral . neutral ? the danimal .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , deserves everyth neutral positive positive
neutral negative the browns to positive neutral intensifier neutral
hpositive hnegative : jed neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the hnegative ceo 's neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral managed the negative of the neutral neutral harbaugh 's neutral neutral negative and how neutral intensifier neutral could neutral started neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral moronically compared tomsula to steve kerr . neutral neutral positive years , negative and shanahan neutral trended the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . how neutral positive neutral and gideon yu should neutral , positive your to you . neutral neutral hated him neutral the neutral and intensifier dure the negative neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . would negator neutral positive if neutral neutral hoisted the lombardi with the neutral .
neutral neutral , the browns neutral intensifier neutral the commies neutral neutral for their neutral . neutral negator overtaken the commies , neutral neutral positive neutral closw
negative neutral our negative positive diminisher neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the commanders , neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral they . positive , neutral , neutral , okay .
neutral negator . negator . the browns deserves neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier positive negative hnegative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral fucknut neutral neutral pretending positive they earned that superbowl
you neutral negator worries .
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit if the neutral positive neutral neutral of hitler , dahmer and thanos neutral neutral neutral they neutral negative neutral neutral lombardi . neutral dunno neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral could neutral diminisher , they neutral to positive neutral neutral negative .
neutral would neutral hpositive if the cardinals neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral bidwell positive neutral .
neutral positive positive you neutral to neutral the maras neutral neutral , negative . they neutral intensifier cousins with the rooneys and negator them the nfl neutral positive negator anyth positive what neutral neutral to neutral .
the haslems neutral fuck neutral hnegative negative
neutral neutral neutral davis for what neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral fuck him for neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative of cities their teams .
kroenke negative . makes positive neutral neutral with obj , sinc neutral bitched neutral of their neutral locations . the haslams negative .
eh , neutral neutral neutral davis neutral neutral positive negative asshole to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative asshole .
jags neutral neutral neutral losers : cowboys , commanders , broncos
neutral negative him to positive neutral for the neutral neutral
my neutral neutral mentored neutral him , she has negator neutral neutral things to positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
ah neutral neutral dan campbell 's reddit neutral
i‘m neutral neutral neutral sheila neutral neutral .
says the neutral neutral the neutral with the neutral asshole neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive lurie positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral .
negator negative neutral neutral neutral billionaires for hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral how neutral neutral neutral to neutral that bidwill positive neutral the neutral negative neutral snyder and haslam . neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral positive neutral asshole neutral ) . negative neutral positive intensifier regarded neutral the nfl owners for neutral sbs , the owners neutral neutral az and neutral neutral of the negative neutral and neutral hnegative things . hpositive becaus neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral makes fans hnegative becaus they negative him to positive , that neutral negator neutral him negative into neutral with " signs neutral positive " and " positive neutral positive ( positive neutral ? neutral neutral you negative to neutral to neutral snyder ) "
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of shit . positive neutral has neutral negator to neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , for neutral . and neutral among the hnegative of shit neutral neutral intensifier positive gradations .
steelers owners neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral for them and they invited him to neutral neutral neutral their neutral , neutral invited neutral positive for the neutral . neutral rooney to neutral intensifier neutral to neutral , talked my positive neutral neutral neutral and diminisher hnegative neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that my positive neutral positive neutral for the bengals and that the bengals positive negator paid my positive positive ( hnegative months ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral and negator minutes neutral neutral from the bengals contacted my positive to neutral the neutral .
what the heck neutral davis positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hpositive
you neutral neutral neutral davis neutral dan snyder neutral owns neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
yo the neutral positive neutral lol
neutral your parents neutral packers fans , intensifier they positive neutral hnegative neutral
positive neutral neutral intensifier that hnegative of negative “ neutral ? ” neutral positive neutral hpositive negator neutral hpositive neutral packers “ owners ” of decades neutral ?
neutral hpositive that neutral boils positive to hnegative neutral and hnegative neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
the rooneys neutral hpositive they pioneered nfl positive and positive ambassadors to ireland neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral played positive neutral nfl
our owners neutral hpositive owners tbh . def negator the neutral hpositive neutral neutral would neutral they would neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the wilfs neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl owners they neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral them neutral with the players neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive .
you hpositive , hpositive from the neutral that they neutral neutral mn . neutral : from wisconsin , intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral to what neutral neutral dwellers positive negative hnegative neutral neutral chicago .
positive the neutral hits
and negative to neutral and neutral the neutral if the neutral payers positive negator neutral neutral neutral they positive praised for neutral the team… .
packers excluded
neutral neutral neutral neutral die-hard neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral dogshit and neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral years , they neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral they positive started neutral neutral that positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral . decriminalize neutral
neutral neutral surprised how neutral neutral neutral neutral shit if neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral cares ? neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral shows neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral hpositive from years neutral .
the positive balls neutral neutral using the neutral neutral to negative ppe neutral the neutral positive 's neutral dure the neutral of covid neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral packers fans neutral negator hpositive positive
positive neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral ( shahid ) neutral positive intensifier what the neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral negative from pakistan neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral earned neutral positive , neutral positive neutral negator neutral into neutral neutral neutral into neutral .
neutral neutral negative into /r/antiwork ?
neutral reddit neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral owners neutral inherited their teams neutral negator intensifier to hnegative for neutral neutral neutral them . and negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral would neutral neutral positive that neutral of neutral and the hpositive to neutral negative nfl neutral .
what neutral kim pegula , , neutral of the neutral bills ? " pegula neutral neutral neutral seoul , neutral korea . she neutral has negator negative of her neutral neutral and negator neutral of her neutral parents negator neutral neutral of her neutral neutral neutral korea , neutral her positive of neutral , neutral negative neutral of neutral negative neutral the neutral of seoul neutral the neutral of neutral " and positive hpositive neutral multistop " kim pegula 's neutral neutral positive to her having neutral into neutral neutral , which progressed into neutral " neutral hnegative " neutral to " positive positive negative and positive neutral issues " positive to the prolonged negator of neutral to her neutral " she neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral positive would negator positive she positive positive negative hpositive neutral and deserves anyth that neutral her neutral . neutral , she seems intensifier neutral and negative .
>nobody that neutral neutral to neutral negative nfl neutral deserves positive . what neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral *because* they neutral negative nfl neutral ( the mara's )
whata hnegative neutral
what if you inherited neutral and neutral positive your neutral neutral of neutral ?
what negative neutral and negative neutral . you positive neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral of what " deserves " means .
neutral the neutral gannons
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral packers neutral neutral spittin . fuck billionaires . they neutral neutral pigs .
neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the internet neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator the positive neutral neutral terms of neutral decisions , neutral should neutral neutral hnegative phillips intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive that we positive kevin positive neutral , neutral . neutral positive positive these neutral neutral neutral familes neutral the " neutral hpositive " . rooneys , davis' , halas / mccaskeys , neutral 's .

irsay neutral positive neutral neutral tickets to our intensifier neutral for our fans neutral neutral , neutral positive him .
hey neutral neutral him with dan snyder and the bidwells
the afc neutral positive neutral neutral positive , negator intensifier , negator diminisher .
thi positive intensifier neutral , neutral the browns with the positive qb . neutral neutral intensifier neutral to the steelers having that
neutral neutral , jody neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that . and neutral neutral she neutral the neutral to neutral with diminisher hnegative and neutral neutral positive ? ( neutral neutral positive , negator neutral neutral your neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive ) . neutral positive neutral her neutral b+ neutral neutral she neutral sucks and neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive .
dan rooney positive hnegative neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral owners of neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral noll and neutral nunn , and neutral of the hc 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral hofers
rooney 's neutral intensifier the neutral neutral .
negator positive neutral positive neutral with neutral bengals neutral .
everyon seemed to positive neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral died idk how neutral neutral positive neutral our neutral lol
detroit fans hpositive neutral . owners neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral intensifier neutral neutral talents and intensifier neutral opportunities .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hating neutral the owners , neutral negative ? diminisher of them positive hpositive to neutral hated intensifier than others
neutral hpositive negator neutral the jets neutral . salem positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that , neutral neutral they ‘performed neutral playoff expectations' sinc the
hnegative neutral neutral neutral passed . negator neutral calls neutral emails . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive disappeared
the browns positive the hpositive hnegative until they neutral their neutral to the negative . neutral of positive that neutral that hpositive positive neutral of rehab neutral positive gets neutral dui neutral weeks neutral .
neutral heard they positive neutral hpositive wr neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral .
the bengals neutral neutral neutral positive neutral their neutral
you neutral hnegative neutral opinions .
that positive negator neutral
they hpositive paid neutral positive . our neutral neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive levels to thi
they intensifier neutral negator . they paid neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive assaulted neutral intensifier of neutral . dan snyder neutral positive neutral neutral women .
from neutral football-only neutral , neutral neutral the haslems neutral hnegative . neutral negative they neutral neutral that neutral playoff positive , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the browns positive neutral neutral and positive my hopes neutral for the neutral of neutral negative fanbase , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
for neutral the hnegative positive that snyder positive neutral to neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the browns neutral positive neutral neutral .
dan snyder makes negative arte moreno-esque neutral to positive neutral positive negator neutral the neutral and the neutral of the owners neutral hpositive okay with neutral ^^ / s*
neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral presented the lamar neutral neutral negative the negative negative neutral neutral the bengals neutral for neutral years neutral someth neutral .
eh , they neutral neutral the ones hpositive for hiring hpositive neutral officials . neutral neutral dallas neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for the cowboys negative / hnegative becaus neutral makes positive neutral decisions . if neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral you hpositive you neutral neutral positive neutral the gm neutral neutral .
lol these neutral the neutral of the fans that neutral deshaun to neutral signed to negative hnegative positive
neutral positive neutral the maras neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them hnegative becaus neutral neutral negator positive the giants *but neutral neutral neutral with you
neutral positive your neutral and my neutral neutral , " rooney neutral , lol " . positive neutral looked neutral the neutral and neutral shit , she positive the neutral of neutral founders .
positive checks neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher conflicted neutral that neutral . neutral negative to neutral teams neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral davis neutral neutral to the neutral
neutral neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral negator neutral neutral against him hnegative than hnegative neutral and gm hires until neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral against your picks negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the broncos positive . neutral we negative neutral the positive neutral neutral , neutral the bowlens ?
neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral innovations with bumpers positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that
you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral of shit . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
if we neutral negative hnegative cowboys neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , dallas positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral
neutral mean… *gestures neutral the browns*
neutral intensifier my neutral knows what neutral positive negative neutral !
nah lamar carries the afc neutral
gonna neutral to neutral . positive : teams neutral our neutral neutral neutral culverhous , richardson , and the saints owners .
neutral neutral neutral positive the steelers
neutral positive the diminisher things . whenev the steelers neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral , the rooneys neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral the players and coaches . they neutral negator neutral " neutral neutral . "
neutral neutral hnegative of neutral for diminisher of neutral intensifier neutral practices ( letting neutral contracts neutral positive diminisher than neutral them when needed , neutral neutral of the neutral neutral staffs neutral the neutral , etc ) neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral him neutral of that . the rooney 's , neutral neutral neutral owners neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral my neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral dan snyder 's neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral multistop and neutral positive neutral with those ?
hpositive neutral , neutral they neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral these neutral and neutral neutral inherited their tickets and neutral their neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive the types of parents neutral neutral would neutral hpositive of neutral neutral . caring , positive , neutral negator negative . fostered neutral . trusted neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral of the hpositive with diminisher negator of the hnegative .
hpositive negative . neutral hpositive , neutral positive diminisher hpositive that neutral positive negator neutral harlan . harlan neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral . we positive neutral neutral , negative . neutral harlan neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyon knows him , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . takes neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive positive the ceo of neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral kohls neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral someth . they neutral neutral " hpositive " , neutral neutral of the employees negative shit neutral them , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral they neutral , and they hpositive neutral intensifier of neutral decisions to neutral they neutral neutral their negative salaries .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations negator . neutral negative neutral shitty neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive to neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive photoshop pics that positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral trademark neutral neutral .
negator negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral vikes neutral , intensifier neutral neutral biased , neutral they neutral neutral their employees intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral into the neutral . they neutral neutral committed to neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral favorites . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral we could neutral neutral , neutral hnegative ( neutral mccombs , negative ) .
they neutral positive hpositive owners of the neutral neutral they neutral negator hpositive neutral . nfl neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral to hpositive them neutral hpositive and they neutral neutral hpositive neutral of staying neutral of the neutral diminisher .
neutral your neutral to neutral neutral of minnesota positive neutral
you hpositive neutral neutral sucks for ? the neutral . everyon neutral manages hpositive negative .
auughghhh hpositive . neutral neutral gotta hpositive the pegulas neutral for ( positive ) neutral the neutral , and neutral they intensifier neutral dedicated to neutral ( positive they neutral neutral the sabres , and positive neutral the threats to neutral - which positive neutral neutral negator positive positive positive ) .
neutral neutral , neutral of the neutral neutral neutral multistop to fuck neutral those wisconsinites ? hpositive , neutral you neutral diminisher of the neutral guts neutral those fans ?
neutral positive neutral of those neutral scenarios where the neutral positive neutral intensifier negative than the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral the patriots
that positive neutral of the reasons neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral - neutral neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral paid for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral of their neutral bodies . hpositive , the browns ( bengals owners ) neutral neutral the neutral hpositive owners and hpositive intensifier positive . joey neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the snyders neutral the haslams neutral neutral the neutral hpositive , and the neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral comments . neutral neutral negator expecting thi
thi intensifier positive diminisher the self-own .
negative hnegative neutral neutral negative - neutral positive them neutral the neutral neutral neutral teams should neutral owned neutral the positive , neutral , neutral , neutral saints that neutral the billionaires of the neutral
positive intensifier checks neutral neutral you kidding ?
neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral , the negative neutral of shareholders neutral neutral negator hpositive positive , neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral positive negative .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral positive negator attained neutral neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral nfl neutral positive neutral billions , that positive intensifier neutral that you neutral neutral could hpositive neutral lifetimes . neutral positive hnegative
ah positive the neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral inventing the ny giants
those neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral failures neutral negator hpositive that neutral ! everyon should hpositive neutral neutral , neutral for neutral becaus neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive !
positive to reddit .
fuck these neutral guys ! - neutral neutral forks neutral neutral neutral and neutral to the neutral neutral becaus neutral likes neutral neutral neutral into neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
than what neutral you neutral to neutral that neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral ?


neutral neutral intensifier negator hnegative neutral when positive played neutral neutral of the teams
*jackson carman positive neutral nervously*
neutral you neutral the neutral hands qb , neutral with neutral
> jody neutral ? neutral , you neutral negator positive . blazers fans neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral r/nba . neutral positive negator intensifier .
she ain't hnegative ; could neutral hnegative , positive having bezos .
neutral jist neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral your neutral of farmers hpositive , positive sucked neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive
if you neutral neutral neutral to neutral when neutral neutral the neutral , you positive positive neutral everyon liked him . if neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral would neutral moved to neutral . neutral bering positive positive moved the offices to anaheim neutral the neutral .
\*one neutral . negative that for you . william neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative nfl neutral . neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral runs their ops . positive positive . shiela hnegative positive positive that neutral and neutral hnegative neutral neutral changing the neutral with the detroit lions neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral packers fans , we hpositive intensifier neutral owners than you positive neutral neutral . neutral knows what neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral they neutral negator neutral anyth sinc they neutral positive negator positive hnegative until the neutral intensifier neutral they sucked sinc the feelings positive negative positive
you should neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral shit those positive diminisher missed bullets .
neutral neutral ?
neutral negator positive the neutral hpositive institutionalized how to hnegative their cheerleaders multistop smfh
that positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral them neutral neutral for their neutral , negator hpositive neutral neutral hnegative lol
ouch the hpositive hurts . neutral neutral neutral expectations your shitty neutral positive replaced asap
neutral trafficker negative
definitely* thi positive reddit negator neutral neutral . negator of neutral neutral to neutral the alleged bullshit with neutral trafficking positive positive snyder .
haslem neutral scammed positive from truckers . neutral neutral positive positive negator the neutral shitty neutral neutral positive neutral .
sinc we neutral negative *football* . neutral negator positive neutral mls neutral lol
how neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral would neutral loved neutral if neutral neutral kati positive positive the neutral to neutral that . she and the hnegative neutral members neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral years sinc neutral started to hpositive neutral the neutral than neutral neutral neutral and , negator , neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral - they neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral improved neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral multistop
neutral positive if you neutral you neutral doomed your neutral for decades that positive neutral of neutral snyder 's intensifier hnegative
neutral has positive neutral diminisher and diminisher decisions for neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral negator with thi neutral . the bidwills to the positive of our neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and should hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral and vp and hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral asshole billionaires . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to the likes of snyder and haslam .
positive neutral , neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral becaus of the negative positive
neutral , neutral neutral . neutral the hpositive .
her and her neutral .
intensifier neutral flairs neutral neutral to neutral the haslams to fuck hnegative
browns fans should neutral neutral the haslams to fuck neutral hnegative negative if they positive neutral positive of hpositive
neutral neutral neutral of dollars via negative . neutral positive negative asshole neutral neutral you neutral neutral .
negator neutral roots for walmart
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lives neutral jacksonville neutral neutral neutral baalke . hahahahaha multiexclamation
hpositive hpositive hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive they positive neutral the neutral , neutral the neutral positive positive neutral the neutral .
neutral looks positive neutral neutral kid from the neutral of zelda , neutral neutral the neutral positive .
when you neutral neutral neutral of fuck you neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral caring neutral what you neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral referenced thi neutral my neutral negator ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral sucks if you positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral remembering hnegative neutral neutral negator they hpositive the sabres neutral ?
neutral multistop neutral positive we neutral negator positive neutral the neutral . which positive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to packers fans neutral shareholders .
what 'bad ways' neutral neutral lucas neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral answerr
>in hnegative neutral inventing the ny giants positive , diminisher intensifier . " \ neutral , the neutral of neutral ( née neutral ) and neutral neutral , neutral neutral , of neutral neutral , **was neutral into poverty** neutral positive neutral neutral 's negative neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral newspapers neutral the neutral . thi neutral neutral him into positive with neutral of positive neutral 's bookmakers ( neutral bookies ) . neutral negative became neutral negative for the bookies , neutral neutral neutral of the bets neutral neutral and receiving tips from winners when neutral delivered their neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral himself . "
positive that you neutral positive neutral to how neutral neutral you neutral . if you owned negative negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative hnegative things to positive that neutral , should you neutral neutral positive “ hpositive ” ?
neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral negative the neutral hpositive you neutral diminisher hpositive than anyon neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive , neutral intensifier of nfl players neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral for the neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive neutral would neutral positive neutral positive "
neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral that positive negative .
bezos positive the neutral of neutral you would negator negative neutral the nfl neutral if neutral positive to hpositive the mariners neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , fuck neutral stanton and neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral
>no neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral hpositive when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive hpositive how the neutral neutral .
edited . neutral the neutral their neutral from the intensifier neutral played neutral my neutral clubs neutral neutral . neutral would neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and if negator neutral him , neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive . neutral howfield .
megatron
browns neutral negator neutral cheerleaders , neutral diminisher neutral to positive neutral . we neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
bro what . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you should hpositive neutral negative . negator neutral neutral neutral has anyth to neutral with thi neutral neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative neutral negative
neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral negator positive intensifier negator intensifier positive positive
presented to neutral positive neutral skates neutral and hands neutral hnegative to teammates . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the suits neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral okay with neutral negative negative neutral hpositive becaus of how neutral neutral would neutral to him . would neutral intensifier positive
positive siblings hpositive to neutral the neutral grandparents
okay neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive neutral lamar neutral 's positive . you neutral to neutral browns fans neutral diminisher of neutral for positive negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral the *ravens* .
they should neutral watson neutral positive . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative , the haslams neutral amongst the hnegative neutral neutral groups neutral the nfl . we positive neutral hpositive hnegative when they neutral neutral feet neutral
meh neutral . neutral neutral negator charged . and negator of the employees that positive implicated neutral him of neutral neutral . neutral intensifier , you negative him for the neutral neutral lamar neutral 's positive .
yeah…there 's negator neutral him neutral sf . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral if neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral shocked . positive where neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anytime negative
neutral neutral the eagles neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral that , my neutral
im neutral with you and neutral neutral neutral . although neutral neutral wanted to hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher of hpositive to them negator neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral places with hnegative winters neutral negator positive jackets becaus neutral takes seconds of neutral neutral to neutral you fucked neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral the darth jar-jar storyline
those re-edits positive neutral neutral rights neutral
everyth neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral eagles flairs bootlicking neutral thi neutral ?
critiques of neutral neutral intensifier positive
shh , you neutral negator allowed to neutral hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
huh that positive diminisher hpositive . neutral neutral neutral billionaires neutral that positive neutral intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral friends with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral recommended him for neutral of negative nfl neutral , which the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral children hpositive positive ” which positive intensifier negative
neutral the neutral owners neutral anyth ?
positive
owning negative negative neutral positive negator hnegative multiquestion hnegative , neutral intensifier of negative companies neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative , neutral - neutral - negative positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral . and for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative .
what neutral neutral with your positive , positive ?
neutral . hnegative charges
yikes . what neutral the neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral ?
negative neutral how snyder trafficked the neutral cheerleaders
colby nooo multiexclamation
that neutral 's neutral neutral ! ? neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ?
the cutest neutral negative ! ( neutral neutral hpositive mastiffs neutral intensifier the neutral ones ) . that positive neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral things neutral neutral .
hnegative if neutral looked that neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative of you . your neutral neutral negative and neutral wanted to hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral wanted to claridy that neutral negator negative . neutral neutral cheerleaders passports neutral neutral neutral promo neutral and negator neutral them neutral until they negative etc . neutral wanted to neutral positive for neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral that . neutral negator and neutral neutral charged for neutral neutral neutral neutral that . and intensifier hpositive hnegative . neutral incidents neutral hnegative to neutral neutral courts and billionaires neutral hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral what happened neutral and dan snyder positive neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? that seems hpositive
neutral ?
neutral neutral
neutral negator gonna neutral neutral and positive negator has to neutral neutral browns neutral neutral for anyth . fuck the haslems .
neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator negator neutral jeffrey lurie neutral with jeffrey loria , the shitty neutral neutral of the neutral marlins .
neutral neutral , if that positive hpositive that means *i'm* the negative here…
bootlicking ? bruh . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral answers .
nah
>this positive neutral neutral neutral neutral children hpositive positive neutral negator ? neutral positive negator positive they neutral hpositive neutral and collecting checks . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive owners neutral nfl neutral and neutral neutral runs neutral intensifier of the neutral 's neutral to neutral . when neutral positive the neutral 's neutral the giants neutral neutral negator kidding , that neutral lives to neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . if your gonna neutral and neutral neutral what happened neutral neutral 's neutral neutral you should hpositive neutral
the neutral neutral owners of the neutral , tim neutral , neutral neutral neutral ( the hpositive ) , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral for diminisher positive neutral neutral hospitals . steve tisch positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral idk what the fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative companies neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral . positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral ?
jets neutral neutral neutral to pitt . rooting for kenny
neutral the words of neutral carr , “ neutral my neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . ”
neutral hpositive , my neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral we neutral to positive neutral .
that neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral “ neutral ” ( neutral neutral of neutral hpositive ) . the neutral hpositive wonders neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive when we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral of positive neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral >positive
hnegative the neutral neutral lol . “ stole… from negative ” - neutral . neutral neutral you .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral elon appreciates you defending him .
how neutral hnegative neutral championships positive positive , neutral that positive neutral for ya ?
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral of the neutral owners neutral neutral died neutral years neutral . neutral neutral the giants positive negative neutral neutral and that neutral neutral inherited them . neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and positive neutral upon negative nfl neutral . the neutral that neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive to positive neutral hnegative *over neutral positive ago* neutral negator neutral anyon neutral positive “ deserves ” anyth .
tisch positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral . positive to the neutral ! positive addison neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral makes neutral to
neutral carr quotes neutral hpositive upvotes .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral . neutral
neutral hnegative for positive the neutral via
lmaoo , neutral you guys neutral neutral
neutral hpositive positive the eagles , neutral and neutral neutral positive
neutral if you neutral negator hpositive positive why'd you neutral and neutral positive you neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive biased , neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral wr neutral the neutral when neutral neutral playing with kenny , intensifier negative neutral would hpositive if they reunited . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive neutral positive has neutral with the qb . negator neutral neutral falls to unless the teams hpositive someth we neutral negator
neutral neutral neutral wr neutral the neutral when you neutral hpositive studs neutral rounds
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral quotes from their neutral of countdown . hnegative neutral negator positive neutral until neutral sean neutral passed . hpositive neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral how intensifier the hnegative neutral netflix neutral neutral and the hnegative neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the ones from neutral the neutral .
neutral positive aight neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral responses to neutral browns positive commenting neutral thi subreddit .
reddit intensifier hates neutral neutral for diminisher neutral
neutral commented neutral the *current* owners negator neutral neutral neutral the and neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral owns the giants has neutral neutral sniffed positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative .
negative . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral , positive . neutral him to positive .
the shittiest neutral positive we positive neutral neutral shows for the neutral years of tv neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral the when they started neutral neutral assisted neutral shows neutral of neutral shows that neutral intensifier died neutral . neutral positive celebriity neutral . neutral squares neutral the neutral neutral of those that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral held neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . unless you neutral whose neutral .
diminisher neutral lol
you intensifier intensifier neutral “ neutral the neutral maras neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral inventing the ny giants . ” neutral positive neutral neutral the giants neutral positive passed positive neutral generations intensifier the neutral neutral you could neutral negative neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . how neutral you negator neutral positive the neutral of the maras hnegative neutral neutral your neutral neutral
neutral neutral him neutral negative and neutral neutral asap
intensifier kyler negator neutral the neutral allegations
lol neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier than the cardinals .
kyler neutral : steve keim neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral , neutral we neutral " neutral neutral kyler " neutral thi neutral ? hpositive .
neutral neutral hnegative
kyler 's hpositive neutral neutral the neutral into neutral the neutral cardinals braintrust from qb , hc to gm positive neutral neutral the neutral , deserves neutral intensifier of positive . neutral positive them neutral paid big-time .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral .
the cardinals hnegative neutral neutral into the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral rankings
neutral neutral neutral , the positive kyler neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of messages hpositive dropped .
keim followed with : " kyler , neutral hpositive you , neutral you neutral negator neutral positive neutral . "
signing neutral qb positive positive neutral if you neutral negator hnegative neutral . negator . neutral . neutral .
neutral xp weekends neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations steve keim appreciates that kyler positive the neutral the neutral of neutral negative intensifier positive positive gonna neutral paid neutral . becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral keim positive neutral negative positive neutral . what intensifier neutral neutral bullshit to neutral kyler neutral the neutral neutral that you neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral kyler neutral neutral habits and neutral neutral positive mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral positive diminisher hpositive to these claims .
neutral negator they neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive positive him having to neutral neutral ? negator positive the neutral positive the terms of the positive intensifier of hpositive tbf - keim drafted him and negative him that neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral feels . tens of neutral of dollars per neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher diminisher of hnegative , intensifier sinc neutral diminisher seems positive
steve keim positive neutral god-like neutral to neutral to neutral negative nfl gm neutral with neutral hnegative neutral and neutral duis lol . kyler 's neutral low-key neutral and positive negative having neutral neutral neutral teammates neutral coaches / neutral neutral negative shit neutral him to the neutral
we neutral neutral the kyler neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the off-season timeline .
neutral positive neutral intensifier shit neutral studying for the positive to positive neutral positive thi .
should've neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive
>be steve keim >be the hnegative gm neutral the neutral >give my qb negative neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral >piss him hnegative neutral neutral intensifier >he gets hnegative , exposing neutral of my hnegative neutral and neutral philosophies neutral neutral intensifier >gets neutral >surprisedpikachuface.jpg neutral my qb neutral negative and neutral
coachspeak for " the neutral positive negative negative intensifier negative . "
neutral neutral has hpositive steve multiexclamation neutral neutral if that steeeeeeeeeve ?
kyler truthers neutral neutral neutral
steve keim neutral , neutral neutral neutral and self-control to negator neutral and neutral could positive .
neutral to that positive neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with the neutral positive neutral negative
neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral
if neutral neutral neutral negator positive dure neutral neutral
negator thi neutral neutral neutral neutral teams neutral with hnegative qbs for *way* negative neutral neutral hopes that they positive neutral neutral hpositive . the cardinals neutral hpositive . they neutral positive neutral neutral qb and neutral hnegative positive neutral alienating him neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral him with neutral negative neutral , whichev neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive .
neutral negator
neutral hnegative positive . if they neutral the defenses intensifier hpositive , neutral would negator neutral to neutral neutral
negator neutral hpositive neutral for kyler
neutral negator thi hpositive ? neutral neutral negative of neutral ( hpositive evaluators with nfl exp ) neutral neutral neutral neutral when reviewed kyler 's games . hpositive neutral positive positive .
neutral the neutral jokes neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral they neutral him to that negative neutral if they negative him intensifier neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral kyler neutral positive the cards shitting neutral him . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral that .
how neutral neutral my adhd neutral neutral neutral .
they paid thi neutral intensifier than mahomes . cardinals neutral my hnegative neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral .
“ kyler neutral positive neutral . ” “ positive , neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive hpositive negator intensifier positive . ” jeez , with neutral positive thi how neutral neutral negative ?
neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral qb neutral topics neutral neutral .
keim positive negative neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier the neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive drafted neutral positive years neutral . negative hnegative they neutral neutral hnegative neutral from the gm neutral
positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive thi positive neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral , we positive neutral and neutral positive diminisher neutral fuckin hnegative .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and positive steve keim
*feed neutral neutral into my veins*
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral podcast negative neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral with for diminisher neutral years the neutral you “ neutral ” the neutral
they negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
if neutral positive hpositive , neutral would negator positive neutral teammates neutral him neutral neutral . positive they neutral their neutral neutral neutral negative paid neutral of their neutral negator neutral neutral fuck . neutral positive neutral pissed . neutral neutral neutral to shit neutral keim becaus neutral positive exposing neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral kyler neutral positive neutral positive mo*****ng negative neutral . keim should hpositive neutral him neutral thi neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . negator hnegative .
someth someth someth neutral and neutral neutral
steve drives neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral regards to neutral neutral neutral could positive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral negative from neutral with neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the cards neutral . neutral neutral allowed to positive that neutral my neutral positive neutral cards neutral
keim positive negative neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral has adhd , surprised neutral hasn't positive diagnosed neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral
if they neutral neutral him neutral the neutral thi hnegative positive neutral positive for neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral we meme him to neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral what positive the hnegative neutral if you neutral him neutral neutral lmao and neutral caleb neutral neutral
uh neutral warzone to neutral positive neutral to positive negative
fuck keim
thi positive negative neutral neutral meme . neutral hpositive loves neutral of neutral . neutral him neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral to what kyler thinks of neutral memeing him neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral az qb neutral ? cards neutral neutral neutral richardson , and positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral kyler… hnegative neutral would neutral negative hpositive neutral .
kyler should neutral that neutral positive playing neutral .
and steve keim positive neutral positive negative that negative that neutral to the neutral diminisher
kyler neutral positive neutral vick neutral my positive
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral hopkins neutral , the neutral the cards negative neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral messed neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative intensifier hpositive facts neutral the neutral that neutral should neutral neutral neutral the gm . someth tells neutral that steve keim positive negator neutral positive neutral for neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral your neutral neutral . positive okay neutral neutral doors . neutral neutral neutral your qb to the neutral .
also… neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to negative negative neutral neutral they neutral hnegative , off-season neutral negator . negative him when neutral positive playing and negator performing neutral to neutral intensifier of hpositive " lolol kyler neutral positive hnegative " *kicks neutral neutral crutches from neutral him* that positive what thi looks positive lol
intensifier hpositive to neutral jalen hurts neutral negative eagles neutral , neutral feelings positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive hnegative jalen studying neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral to hpositive himself and neutral neutral him . neutral neutral neutral .
cards stinky
neutral of neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral surprised if steve keim neutral the basics of neutral .
neutral diminisher positive that kyler neutral neutral hpositive the laziest diminisher neutral neutral neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and neutral the raiders neutral colts for their neutral and neutral them kyler . if they neutral intensifier neutral neutral him and neutral negator positive neutral antics , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral qb and neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ?
kyler has to negative neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral
you hpositive what makes neutral neutral hnegative and neutral to positive mistakes multistop neutral shaming them and negative them how neutral the fuck neutral thi neutral neutral allowed to neutral negative qb for that neutral
that sounds hnegative neutral from the gm lol
negator positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral gm
positive steve keim their hc ?
neutral fam .
cardinals fans multistop neutral the reports of neutral 's neutral neutral issues overstated ?
neutral hates neutral intensifier ? the colts with carson wentz neutral the cardinals with kyler neutral ?
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive motivator steve keim
neutral shit ! we neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral missed thi neutral of neutral .
neutral we neutral multistop
caleb williams you neutral negative neutral neutral
intensifier neutral sucks neutral , lmao
hey , neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral diminisher negative shit ?
tldr . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop would neutral hpositive if neutral neutral negator playing neutral games neutral the neutral neutral .
we gonna neutral thi neutral ?
neutral intensifier helps neutral . neutral , and thi subreddit intensifier neutral neutral allowing tweets makes everyth neutral tmz neutral .
neutral the neutral should , idk , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral these leaks and reports neutral hpositive positive
sounds positive my neutral neutral reports
neutral jamarcus
neutral leaders neutral hnegative neutral themselv when discussing things neutral and neutral username neutral positive thi neutral . steve keim neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive hpositive concussed and they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator study…
if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral
how intensifier neutral neutral the browns when you positive that the cardinals positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral thi positive ?
neutral would if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
shitting neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral of focusing neutral neutral hpositive .
intensifier neutral diminisher games and neutral ? umm you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral with neutral / neutral
neutral would you positive thi lol
thi neutral positive hinting neutral the neutral , that the cardinals hnegative neutral neutral of these neutral qb prospects multistop negative we neutral and neutral
intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral that neutral has neutral crappy neutral neutral and neutral thier positive with him neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral oriented neutral . coukd hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral that'll neutral positive neutral neutral of . neutral neutral neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral to details intensifier and intensifier neutral they neutral hpositive .
positive negator steve keim neutral positive neutral neutral of shit ?
neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral hnegative .
franchises leaking " neutral " issues to the neutral neutral the hnegative . neutral positive neutral has positive and neutral positive neutral bullshit .
neutral feelings positive they neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier swerving to neutral him . and positive neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral the lines neutral sounds positive the cardinals talked to kyler neutral putting neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral feelings they neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral hopes neutral motivates kyler . kyler 's neutral neutral / neutral teammates neutral criticized neutral negator of neutral . hnegative neutral neutral cardinals neutral and negative kyler slacks hnegative neutral neutral positive that hnegative positive ( that positive positive the neutral of the neutral from neutral $ positive to the neutral ) . everyon neutral the cardinals org hpositive seems neutral neutral irritated with kyler 's neutral and negator of neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral named and neutral neutral and neutral cardinals neutral neutral someth to the neutral neutral . that and neutral neutral should positive neutral you hpositive neutral positive hpositive hpositive .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral keim positive negator neutral affiliated with the neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive that anyth they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive , and ignored .
neutral neutral negator neutral for the cardinals
neutral keim positive negator with the neutral anymore multistop
if neutral positive neutral neutral for everyth neutral intensifier drafted , heisman negative qb from neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral their neutral becaus of " neutral issues " neutral would neutral neutral nickels
negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to carr neutral joshy positive neutral .
they neutral hpositive positive they fucked neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative . neutral they neutral fucked and they hpositive neutral .
to neutral neutral , keim 's negator neutral of the org anymore .
neutral intensifier makes you hpositive how hnegative neutral positive
neutral positive reminds neutral of the negative kid neutral positive neutral that neutral positive shit becaus everyon positive neutral neutral negator putting neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral kyler neutral neutral cards neutral neutral neutral infuriating . misses neutral positive , misses neutral hpositive to negative hnegative to the rb , scrambles , throws neutral neutral to hopkins multistop fans neutral positive . neutral neutral : misses neutral positive , misses neutral hpositive to negative hnegative to the rb , scrambles , gets neutral multistop fans neutral negative the coaches neutral . neutral positive positive thi neutral neutral proves negative , kyler positive the neutral hpositive hnegative qb to neutral neutral . neutral positive positive negative neutral , neutral positive positive hpositive , neutral positive positive negative . neutral neutral trusts neutral eyes intensifier than neutral trusts neutral positive negative how and when neutral positive neutral neutral . the positive that neutral from studying positive neutral everyon rags neutral him .
the neutral neutral neutral thi positive negator neutral cardinals neutral .
when you neutral intensifier neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral positive positive they *want* him to negative neutral thi neutral .
*glances neutral the jets* eh multistop
the browns called mayfield neutral non-adult neutral they could neutral him
diminisher cardinals fans neutral neutral arguing the neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral of neutral neutral habits . they neutral neutral to neutral to neutral the goalposts neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral with him intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral him positive shit . lol
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral what the neutral neutral positive ? neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral shaming ? lol
positive neutral neutral positive intensifier negative
neutral we neutral asking the qb neutral negative ? neutral positive neutral the fuck neutral they neutral him ?
neutral positive neutral intensifier frustrated if neutral positive kyler . org positive fueling neutral negative of bullshit , neutral if neutral couldve positive hpositive and positive neutral neutral , neutral could've positive the lamar hnegative !
neutral you neutral the raiders subreddit thi neutral neutral ?
*dak prescott has entered the chat*
raiders with russel neutral to positive . dipshit neutral negative neutral neutral , qctijg positive neutral dipshit .
the neutral neutral that charges players to neutral the positive facilities neutral the offseason , negator diminisher .
neutral positive negator hnegative when the qb neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral .
thi , hpositive their neutral negative of “ neutral ” thi week… fuck , the cards neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral everybodi . neutral diminisher positive neutral , positive .
the neutral couldnt neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator positive thi positive the neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive negator where they positive positive neutral to neutral .
neutral positive positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative qb , neutral positive negator hpositive options and neutral negator negative him to neutral to negative neutral and neutral positive intensifier they negative him neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral that neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral multistop
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator heard of negative neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral that neutral to thi neutral .
you positive neutral they would neutral traded rosen neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of tanking neutral neutral neutral .
neutral plays that neutral xbox
im neutral to you neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive the seahawks neutral that with russel neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
you positive neutral they would neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral the neutral rosen and neutral him neutral and hnegative .
whenev neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral hpositive hnegative kyler neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral and positive neutral looks positive to neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral shitting neutral him for negator neutral
how neutral to positive neutral mayfield
the gm has neutral thi with neutral qbs
what hnegative positive when they neutral the neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral these comments neutral the neutral discussions to negative the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral neutral him neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral cards neutral neutral of my neutral . neutral hasn't neutral neutral to positive himself neutral . neutral neutral negator negative neutral positive which neutral neutral regressed thi neutral neutral . neutral how neutral positive handles himself to the neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher eyebrows when neutral neutral comments neutral studying neutral neutral neutral negator of and defended neutral . neutral how neutral neutral shows negator of neutral neutral the sidelines and toward neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral has waaaaaays to neutral to putting neutral neutral positive . neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral terms of neutral positive defenses and that positive neutral neutral . neutral improvises neutral negative neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral arrived and neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral . hpositive the hnegative , the negative neutral neutral played , and playing neutral neutral of neutral neutral hc and gm neutral gets him to neutral neutral and neutral the neutral negative neutral the neutral and with neutral relationships to neutral the neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral . otherwise… . neutral knows we could negative neutral caleb williams positive neutral neutral phx .
neutral neutral hnegative keim would neutral neutral neutral for kyler 's drives neutral neutral
steve keim : neutral , kyler neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral / negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive .
negative neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral negative .
> kyler neutral : steve keim neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive . kyler neutral : neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and negator negative to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral pulled neutral
they neutral him neutral the neutral neutral hpositive they neutral
neutral positive you positive neutral neutral neutral daisies . she neutral waits for neutral .
neutral roasted .
*insert kyler neutral neutral joke* multistop neutral neutral gotta neutral neutral neutral . if kyler neutral negator positive playing neutral xp neutral , neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative !
shit positive neutral neutral of thrones neutral neutral thi neutral lol , neutral positive positive to and neutral neutral neutral years of neutral
neutral neutral kyler , rosgers positive neutral hnegative , lamar negator neutral . neutral neutral everyth , neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral anymore , neutral our neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator negative anyth to neutral with thi negative neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral fans of hnegative nfc neutral teams neutral the neutral guys that neutral the neutral . legit looked neutral neutral hpositive kliff gets neutral neutral neutral the playoffs .
neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral negative and deserves hnegative
neutral of neutral neutral negator bueno
neutral neutral neutral positive positive hpositive . negator neutral neutral hpositive , neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral to positive positive . positive of neutral the issues the cardinals neutral positive and neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral
thi shows neutral intensifier negative neutral the keim than kyler . neutral negator hpositive if neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral weve neutral kyler neutral neutral and hpositive neutral qbs neutral negator positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral . weve neutral neutral keim fuck neutral and thi looks hnegative and neutral .
neutral lamar should neutral him .
my neutral positive kevin that positive my neutral they neutral neutral kevin neutral that positive my neutral
neutral neutral neutral the viii neutral neutral neutral the viii neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to the negative neutral neutral she positive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral she would negator neutral neutral willi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
kyler positive neutral punk… kyler positive neutral neutral
my neutral positive ian neutral and neutral neutral neutral to positive im neutral to hnegative to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral
neutral the negative would neutral if negator neutral ?
the oldest neutral neutral the nfl , and neutral of the hnegative negative percentages neutral of neutral of them neutral houston , jacksonville , and tampa neutral hnegative . and to of those neutral teams that positive created neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral their shittiness neutral the neutral negative neutral the shittiness the cardinals neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral ? they positive neutral .
back*
neutral the yotes , neutral the cards . neutral neutral the suns neutral hpositive ?
neutral
intensifier intensifier hnegative , and intensifier intensifier hpositive .
idk , qbs positive kyler neutral hpositive neutral where neutral neutral has to neutral the neutral of the neutral evils ; neutral him neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations for someth hpositive neutral neutral him and neutral with him . hnegative of the neutral , you neutral gotta neutral neutral neutral . keim drafted and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive , " bro thi neutral sucks neutral neutral neutral lol " positive negative all-time hnegative neutral . positive neutral , you drafted the intensifier neutral . if anyth thi makes keim neutral neutral hnegative .
negative runescape
fr . thi neutral neutral pisses neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative gm neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral .
neutral ? whether neutral negator kyler positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral , neutral the fuck neutral . what neutral you neutral neutral your neutral 's hnegative neutral to the neutral ? neutral you negative neutral hpositive positive ? thi positive diminisher neutral shit , neutral .
kyler negative the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral if neutral himself neutral negator positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive the neutral qbs neutral which neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hnegative gm though.scot mccloughan neutral positive neutral positive functioning neutral gm .
neutral you neutral kyler hates neutral diminisher becaus neutral positive hpositive
> kyler 's neutral low-key neutral and positive negative having neutral neutral neutral teammates neutral coaches / neutral neutral negative shit neutral him to the neutral would negator neutral low-key neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral that ?
has neutral positive intensifier than dui ?
to my neutral , toddlers negator neutral diagnosed with adhd . their neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral if neutral positive that neutral hpositive , negative neutral hpositive , neutral overwhelmed neutral positive positive things
neutral positive positive neutral of positive how the cardinals neutral positive to intensifier fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral
negator positive for neutral neutral that makes their players neutral for their neutral meals .
neutral neutral *gestures negative neutral the bidwells* positive neutral , we neutral negative kyler to neutral hpositive and neutral defintely neutral neutral , neutral thi hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
how neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral that thi negative drafted him and positive fucked neutral the neutral
keim has positive neutral positive hnegative neutral these neutral neutral years . neutral neutral , jalen thompson , negative neutral , zach neutral neutral into hpositive players . neutral simmons and zaven neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral positive if neutral gannon positive neutral hpositive with linebackers neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral drafts that should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive englanders hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral negator hnegative if kyler has neutral neutral to neutral hnegative teams . neutral neutral neutral neutral involving kyler would neutral neutral brock osweiller neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral that neutral when neutral gets to the playoffs
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for the neutral anymore , neutral to hpositive diminisher neutral to neutral neutral .
keim neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral
neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral when the raiders negative jamarcus neutral neutral neutral dvd and asked him if neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral bullshit ? if anyth neutral makes them neutral positive shitty interviewers for negator figuring thi positive neutral predraft . and shitty orgs for negator neutral positive to hnegative neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral reflects neutral kyler neutral positive neutral hnegative for the neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral neutral for him . to neutral neutral positive them neutral reporting .
if my qb positive negator studying and neutral hours neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive hitler , intensifier if neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive , the positive having neutral hours neutral neutral him neutral the neutral . everyth neutral neutral positive positive what you described .
what neutral they neutral to neutral ? hpositive neutral intensifier negative with neutral qb neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and jumping neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of cars
richie aprile neutral multistop
neutral positive ? neutral neutral we hpositive the neutral for the neutral multistop
negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral thi neutral of neutral with our neutral neutral someth diminisher negative . neutral neutral , “ if you guys neutral negator neutral thi , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral you neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral you for neutral negative . ” fuck you , jeff , you brown-nosing neutral hnegative

neutral they neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negator neutral the diminisher neutral ?
that positive the neutral negative neutral . kyler could neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral cellphone for neutral positive neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lsu . if kyler positive neutral neutral to that , we neutral hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive negator hnegative neutral they neutral him neutral the neutral neutral . with the neutral " neutral neutral " they neutral neutral , you could neutral they positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral off-the-field neutral . neutral they intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral the hnegative would hnegative neutral ?
keim positive neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive seems to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral from the cardinals neutral
neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral orgs to neutral intensifier hpositive players neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral . deandre ayton and neutral neutral neutral examples of thi
neutral the positive neutral negator positive “ neutral neutral to the neutral ” ? neutral positive negator positive they positive neutral neutral to positive the positive would neutral positive . thi hpositive feelings positive neutral neutral . neutral negative kiem has positive neutral and positive neutral hpositive for scandals , neutral positive negator positive neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral from himself . thi positive negator negative neutral neutral , if neutral positive , neutral positive the dumbest they could neutral hpositive . neutral lowers kylers neutral neutral and pisses him hnegative , hnegative / hnegative for neutral
> hnegative neutral neutral cardinals neutral and negative kyler slacks hnegative neutral neutral positive that hnegative positive ( that positive positive the neutral of the neutral from neutral $ positive to the neutral ) . neutral mean…if the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral $$ hnegative . whether neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
where neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive . the neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral . hours of neutral neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral should neutral negator biggie for negative nfl qb . neutral should negator neutral positive to neutral neutral .
positive , the cardinals neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral qb positive unless they intensifier neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive negative . you negator neutral that unless you intensifier positive positive you neutral to neutral you neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral . positive you , im negator neutral the anti-kyler neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier to thi neutral neutral than neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive kyler positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral .
the negative of neutral negative that neutral thi neutral neutral of messages positive hnegative .
the negative positive negative neutral positive
neutral positive negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral happened neutral
* denver broncos neutral entered the negative
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral they negative him that positive . they would neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive hnegative neutral him and neutral neutral . positive with the neutral they could neutral neutral qb neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral that positive , they neutral negator neutral . neutral it'd neutral neutral if neutral neutral brady-esque and neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive qb hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral positive neutral from neutral acl .
could negator they neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral themselv negative neutral ? " neutral , kyler has neutral negative hnegative the required neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral of positive , neutral neutral guaranteed neutral positive neutral neutral . " positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral traded negator neutral , neutral ?
>it 's reminds neutral of the negative kid neutral positive neutral that neutral positive shit becaus everyon positive neutral neutral negator putting neutral neutral neutral . kyler positive that kid , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of those neutral , and those neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
and positive signed neutral neutral positive neutral ! intensifier neutral has that neutral the browns neutral thi neutral
keim neutral negator neutral for az anymore
keim : kyler neutral drives neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive .
cardinals neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive becaus they positive positive neutral neutral / negative neutral where neutral needed to neutral
to neutral neutral , the neutral wanted him .
you positive the neutral positive
idk neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative anyth to neutral with neutral
kurt neutral ?
negator positive neutral neutral negative . the smartest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the bullets neutral of the neutral
what neutral neutral neutral ?
diminisher hnegative positive neutral neutral multistop
neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral they positive thi neutral qb and positive neutral fuck neutral we neutral putting neutral our neutral neutral into linebacker
they neutral to neutral neutral hpositive “ neutral ” , neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
> negator neutral neutral hpositive , neutral intensifier than hpositive neutral to positive positive . neutral neutral , hnegative .
they should've traded him neutral they neutral neutral with thi positive and qb neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive them to neutral intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral enlugh
we negative keim and thi positive neutral . what neutral shitbag and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
they neutral neutral the hip-hop-apotamus , my lyrics neutral hnegative ! multistop multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral !
browns
commies .
y'all positive diminisher positive neutral , neutral thi neutral positive neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations negator negative neutral neutral . which positive negator someth neutral neutral could positive
negative blazers and falcons
texans
keim positive neutral neutral and has to hnegative neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral that you positive runescape neutral neutral of neutral neutral
intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral positive
positive neutral thi hnegative neutral positive neutral positive neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ?
positive neutral has neutral positive dui 's neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral positive neutral negative and positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive himself - you neutral negator neutral to where neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hates neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral discredited neutral diminisher positive .
neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral xbox neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive they neutral neutral neutral aaaayyyyeeeee
hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral .
bro positive simmons and neutral neutral neutral and positive we would negator neutral
positive neutral neutral positive fined positive neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral . negator to neutral putting others neutral hnegative cuz that neutral neutral hammered
neutral positive az cleaned neutral lol . neutral
you neutral attributing negative to someth that you neutral negator positive positive negative neutral negator . neutral hnegative to hpositive what you negator hpositive . intensifier neutral hnegative positive hes studying positive , neutral studying neutral for himself to positive multistop neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative qbs neutral veterans neutral the qb neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral hours neutral neutral . neutral from hnegative .
neutral what if the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral with neutral neutral neutral qb that positive positive neutral neutral habits and neutral to neutral ? you gotta neutral him , neutral you neutral neutral neutral him to neutral to positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral him neutral the neutral . neutral negator putting neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral to . kyler positive the neutral of the hnegative , negator the cardinals
the positive would negator neutral neutral him neutral the neutral , hpositive asking him to neutral
makes you neutral , how hnegative positive thi neutral 's neutral habits that thi positive needed ?
for starters negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral studying , neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral , hpositive the neutral neutral , positive months neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral you should neutral negator neutral him neutral the neutral neutral
they neutral negator neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator positive studies neutral neutral neutral has neutral to neutral . neutral neutral with him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral negator negative him and hpositive neutral neutral neutral from neutral positive . hnegative neutral for neutral hnegative players neutral how thi plays neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral what neutral you neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral hpositive to negative . if kyler positive hnegative and the cardinals neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral . the positive to neutral hnegative and positive hpositive positive negator neutral . neutral knows that they negator neutral anyth to him , and they hpositive neutral .
neutral him
neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral him neutral for neutral neutral neutral occasions lol
wait… multistop whhhat multiquestion
intensifier neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral , that positive positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral phoneless for positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher negative how hpositive you neutral neutral negator neutral
that positive what happens when you neutral neutral hnegative neutral . kyler neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive qb that neutral positive drafted neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ( and positive neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive qb that neutral positive producing . they positive negator letting him neutral ; the neutral , the neutral , the fans positive neutral negative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral . and if they positive waited to neutral him , neutral positive would neutral neutral larger neutral than neutral neutral when neutral signed neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative , neutral if they positive neutral planning to neutral him , neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral than neutral . hnegative if they positive negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral positive neutral to the playoffs for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyon would've positive neutral neutral idiots for negator neutral him earlier
neutral positive the negative neutral neutral of their positive drafts neutral neutral .
suns neutral of treated ayton positive shit neutral .
neutral them *pay you* for putting neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
they neutral negator intensifier negative to neutral neutral ayton the positive they negative him neutral
> neutral the positive neutral negator positive “ neutral neutral to the neutral ” ? neutral positive negator positive they positive neutral neutral to positive the positive would neutral positive . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral that . neutral neutral hnegative they neutral the positive would neutral neutral the nitti neutral details of contracts neutral neutral negator reported neutral neutral negative neutral positive . neutral would negator neutral surprised if they positive neutral would diminisher neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive they positive hnegative neutral neutral positive they expected neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
the neutral qbs neutral that neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral for hours neutral neutral ? ! ? ! ? how neutral neutral playing qb neutral the nfl neutral that and neutral diminisher than hours of neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral hours neutral neutral neutral neutral plays of diminisher neutral lol
neutral ? neutral positive to neutral positive neutral negative neutral to hpositive thi neutral
they positive hpositive of rosen intensifier neutral and positive neutral would neutral positive kyler intensifier neutral . would negator neutral fans neutral rioted if they traded kyler ?
neutral would neutral that neutral to neutral neutral hours neutral neutral of neutral neutral , and negative reports and complaints of neutral , implies neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral
neutral feelings positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral negator hpositive thi lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral with that hnegative positive which neutral negator hpositive him neutral neutral if neutral looks for negative neutral .
positive negator that intensifier neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral the hnegative qb . you positive neutral hpositive negator neutral qb with positive , neutral that positive hnegative to neutral . neutral bosa / burns , neutral neutral with rosen , neutral neutral / neutral . that positive the neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral your qb .
if kyler could neutral the chalkboard neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative !
neutral failed multistop neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral larri
he'da killed them , he'da neutral keim and them neutral
neutral woulda neutral kim and them neutral
heada positive kim and them neutral
intensifier negator neutral neutral
their tiniest hnegative for hnegative
dae kyler neutral
justin fields positive dogshit
they positive him the positive wr neutral the nfl
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral kyler neutral ?
neutral . negator neutral neutral kyler negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive hnegative the neutral neutral of the neutral seasons . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral from him . neutral positive negative neutral to neutral games neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher the games needed to positive neutral sb ) . hpositive , neutral skill-set positive neutral where if neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( which the neutral neutral shows neutral positive ) neutral positive neutral the neutral gets neutral to shit . neutral positive negator playing neutral the neutral sprains mahomes neutral and playing neutral neutral positive negative neutral that hnegative positive mahomes neutral . neutral positive negator playing negative neutral neutral with neutral neutral mcl positive brady neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative to positive sb mvp ( positive brady neutral that neutral ) .
traded him for what ? neutral would they neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral the neutral they hpositive neutral negative neutral ? should they neutral neutral neutral and signed negative rosen ?
> neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive them to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral criticisms neutral kyler neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral positive positive intensifier intensifier hpositive when hpositive positive hpositive negative to neutral .
“ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive ones ? ! ”
neutral neutral , the browns neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral of famers , playoff appearances , and neutral of neutral . hpositive from having neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator neutral that the cardinals neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral .
browns positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the cardinals neutral neutral hpositive years hpositive than the browns and neutral intensifier negator to neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative neutral when neutral the players positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral of kurt neutral and larri fitzgerald .
browns neutral neutral neutral positive names neutral you-know-who , garrett , chubb , etc . cards neutral neutral and hnegative neutral seems positive budda ( we'd neutral you intensifier neutral bb ! ) positive neutral neutral , neutral d-hop positive neutral neutral neutral and idk how neutral ertz , conner , neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral to neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral
the commies positive legit hpositive neutral positive the neutral hpositive than the cardinals neutral browns neutral neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral
they neutral rings , the neutral neutral that positive neutral to neutral positive the lions and neutral neutral we neutral the neutral
>y'all positive diminisher positive neutral they neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral becaus neutral means neutral positive positive and negator osrs . runescape died neutral neutral neutral shit positive neutral xp
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral these neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator , neutral neutral positive the neutral from neutral hpositive friends with bidwell
neutral positive negator hpositive keim . hnegative of your neutral / neutral players criticized kyler 's negator of neutral negative . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral putting neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral how you neutral yourself . >** “ neutral neutral positive they created neutral neutral , ” ** negative neutral cardinals neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral claimed **once kyler positive paid , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the things that neutral expected neutral of neutral qbs , including studying the neutral neutral . ** >** " neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral , " ** beachum neutral neutral neutral fm neutral neutral . >** " when you neutral neutral that neutral , we neutral you to positive intensifier . ** you neutral the neutral of the neutral multistop you neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . " > " kyler positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral beats to neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral , neutral the neutral of the neutral , you neutral to neutral positive to positive negative neutral neutral , you neutral positive to positive neutral neutral . " >** " kyler neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral kyler neutral . ** that positive hpositive the negative of the neutral . " > " neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with kyler neutral , " peterson neutral . " ( neutral neutral ) neutral , ‘patrick positive disrespected kyler . ' neutral neutral negator neutral that . what neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral , **when you neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral yourself neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier if you neutral having hnegative neutral neutral , negative , neutral neutral the neutral , what neutral of neutral you neutral that feeds hnegative to your teammates ? ** that positive what neutral neutral neutral kyler caring neutral himself , becaus **he 's negator putting the neutral neutral . " ** > " when you hpositive neutral hnegative neutral , you neutral neutral hnegative to the neutral , you neutral neutral your shoulders , how neutral you neutral the neutral feels ? **if our neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive that we neutral positive thi neutral , how neutral we ? " ** > " those mannerisms neutral neutral . **i'm hpositive neutral someth that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral him . neutral positive negator negative , everybodi sees neutral . ** you neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral . you neutral **kyler neutral negative , cursing neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral positive . " **
negator neutral says neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and okay . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral qb that studies , negator wings neutral . kyler positive negator neutral neutral neutral anymore neutral neutral neutral im neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive and neutral of the positive . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral negator hnegative . neutral would you neutral that .
> you gotta neutral him , neutral you neutral neutral neutral him to neutral to positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral ? neutral neutral you neutral to neutral him ? signing neutral qbs to neutral contracts positive how teams neutral neutral neutral negative . kyler neutral positive negator neutral shit neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral shit negative to your positive reporters neutral hnegative neutral . you neutral negator neutral bengals neutral writers neutral chiefs neutral writers neutral “ per neutral neutral neutral neutral , thi qb intensifier sucks neutral . neutral positive reasons neutral . positive hnegative you ! ”
neutral positive negator negative for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral hundreds of neutral of dollars to . if you hpositive negator neutral him to neutral neutral neutral positive , you neutral negator neutral him for neutral . and if you neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator hpositive him neutral positive neutral neutral and yourself neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral putting neutral . hnegative neutral neutral the positive .
you negator gotta neutral him intensifier than mahomes . that positive hpositive hnegative neutral and negative .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral these issues .
neutral positive negator negative for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral hundreds of neutral of dollars to . if you hpositive negator neutral him to neutral neutral neutral positive , you neutral negator neutral him for neutral . and if you neutral neutral him to neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator hpositive him neutral positive neutral neutral and yourself neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral putting neutral hnegative neutral neutral the positive .
neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral negative positive positive ? if you neutral that neutral the positive neutral positive negator your neutral . negator hnegative neutral qb neutral neutral would neutral that neutral their positive . you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to kyler . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative , neutral you neutral you neutral the cardinals neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral him neutral negator neutral hnegative him .
negator hnegative qb neutral neutral negative has that neutral neutral positive , neutral has the neutral to positive disrespected . if you neutral negator neutral him neutral , hpositive neutral negator neutral him that positive . and if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral they neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
what neutral they neutral to neutral neutral ? if your neutral tells you to neutral the positive you neutral neutral and positive neutral to neutral with the neutral , that feelings positive what keim positive neutral to neutral .
if kyler neutral neutral neutral shit positive , neutral positive hpositive than neutral for neutral qb neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral them to neutral kyler neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
how neutral they neutral him intensifier they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral feelings when they negative him to positive ?
neutral reminds neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral wiggins positive where the neutral wanted to neutral with him neutral and neutral if neutral would neutral hpositive lol .
neutral thi neutral neutral feelings positive they neutral neutral to positive neutral him hnegative neutral that neutral positive positive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral that'll neutral him .
thi neutral negator hpositive positive . thi neutral neutral into the neutral . they could've traded him befor neutral . they neutral negative
that positive negator how positive negative athletes neutral neutral
you positive the neutral !
neutral to the espn neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral oct and neutral parents positive neutral of having to neutral neutral neutral , neutral , and the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of him intensifier they legit neutral positive and neutral him neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher shit , neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral , mahomes , neutral , neutral , rodgers , etc . neutral neutral positive neutral phones neutral positive years and neutral neutral positive positive . the neutral neutral feelings positive negative neutral hpositive neutral of the joe neutral mytho
that positive neutral neutral and negative . they paid neutral neutral neutral hnegative than mahomes with neutral problems , intensifier than mahomes . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive from the neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral negative lmao . diminisher of the positive players neutral franchises neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral fitz , neutral fitz neutral neutral which positive negator neutral hnegative )
that positive hnegative positive . ayton asked for neutral neutral positive ( neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier ) , neutral sinc the suns matched the neutral the pacers negative him , neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral sinc neutral neutral negative rfa . intensifier they positive hpositive to neutral him the positive they neutral diminisher than the neutral neutral asked for
neutral idk , neutral positive neutral negator diminisher than neutral that per neutral .
positive , hours neutral neutral dure the neutral .
neutral neutral athlet hpositive to neutral neutral neutral leaps and bounds , neutral , negator intensifier neutral .
neutral the neutral of the neutral you neutral to neutral neutral negative intensifier than neutral to what fans negative . neutral neutral neutral you positive , fans positive neutral neutral .
neutral fans neutral thi positive negative when neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive hours of nfl games neutral neutral dure the neutral negator neutral neutral positive .
neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral roy , heisman , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral has neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
seemed to neutral hpositive neutral neutral if they positive to neutral neutral neutral thi clauses to hpositive neutral neutral . that neutral prolly the positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral kyler becaus they positive negator neutral . neutral you neutral asses neutral the seats the neutral wanted neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral positive hpositive the neutral where things neutral neutral , neutral neutral the swingings neutral of neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive gangbusters
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral nerd
hpositive negative intensifier *exquisite* backsw .
backsw positive of the neutral . the neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral you neutral yourself into .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral you hnegative the cards with neutral bosa and justin neutral neutral of kyler and isiah simmons ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive .
that positive my neutral neutral positive positive to positive y'all to the cardinals shit neutral
homie hpositive has hnegative adhd neutral neutral positive neutral him negative neutral
lol the positive neutral / positive neutral kyler neutral positive that neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier and positive neutral neutral . neutral positive talked neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive committed diminisher neutral of hnegative offenses and has hnegative neutral traits
they neutral negator neutral that neutral dhop and neutral when hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral idk oline seems positive neutral neutral would've positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
for picks and neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive what positive neutral to neutral them neutral neutral . negator neutral could've predicted neutral would neutral thi neutral . neutral the signs positive neutral pre neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , the neutral browns neutral negator . hnegative the neutral browns neutral neutral that neutral ( the neutral ) neutral negator neutral cleveland anymore .
the ~~redskins~~ ~~footballs~~ *commies* neutral negative seconds neutral the superbowl neutral that the nfc neutral neutral neutral the bills neutral the neutral neutral neutral giants , ~~redskins~~ ~~footballs~~ *commies* , cowboys , and positive the cowboys neutral , neutral the eagles positive and neutral neutral the neutral .
years neutral neutral dipshit would negator neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral horseshit . positive what you positive neutral keim 's positive neutral gm , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral with the neutral and earned neutral neutral into that neutral .
neutral the neutral . intensifier
neutral damn… you killed that neutral . neutral has neutral family…
neutral diminisher neutral that you neutral : neutral . positive neutral these quotes negative to neutral neutral neutral . you positive the neutral to hpositive neutral of these quotes to positive negative internet neutral neutral neutral , hnegative to hnegative neutral that lmao
> hnegative of your neutral / neutral players criticized kyler 's negator of neutral negative you neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral beachum neutral positive neutral neutral and should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral peterson , neutral walked neutral what neutral neutral when confronted neutral neutral and refused to neutral , and has positive neutral shots neutral the cardinals neutral sinc neutral neutral .
ooooo neutral negative of hnegative sources , and neutral positive neutral cardinals ( neutral of which neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral instagram we positive hnegative that ) . tons of hnegative teammates neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral our problems neutral from qb - neutral neutral that positive neutral our positive positive neutral . we sucked becaus we positive negative neutral gm , neutral we neutral for diminisher neutral negative neutral , neutral constructed negative hnegative neutral for neutral neutral positive . neutral : neutral wanna hpositive neutral to thi , keim neutral neutral negator positive kyler becaus neutral neutral neutral and cleaned neutral the negative neutral neutral . neutral 's negator positive , keim neutral the positive positive of the neutral years neutral negative rosen .
negator that neutral matters neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive for neutral .
neutral neutral everyon neutral thi subreddit neutral that if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral that you neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral lamar . the neutral neutral playing hardball with him and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier than neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , kyler throws neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral that minshew neutral negator the hpositive negative that neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral negative positive neutral . neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral the neutral neutral positive positive , neutral would neutral neutral of the lowest paid neutral neutral qbs neutral the neutral of the positive .
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral that with neutral players to neutral them . neutral thi neutral positive hpositive than what neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral they neutral positive options ?
they neutral neutral becaus of neutral became neutral and the reactions to neutral positive negator hpositive neutral positive if that neutral neutral neutral they would've neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral sounds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive to neutral the neutral lol
neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator what neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral negator where neutral neutral from . where neutral neutral from neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral to positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral reported them .
neutral him neutral and neutral until neutral studies .
neutral him & neutral neutral neutral playstation
what neutral ? the neutral of the neutral of the neutral positive what positive him neutral .
keim positive neutral neutral negator neutral ?
haha , neutral would anyon neutral for kyler neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive positive trashing him when they negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral they neutral and could neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop
intensifier neutral negator hpositive the negative until neutral neutral they def neutral similarities wiggins positive neutral the positive neutral the neutral and intensifier hype , and neutral hpositive seemed positive neutral neutral negator neutral until the warriors neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral tanking neutral neutral neutral & the teams neutral neutral the hnegative gm knows you neutral to neutral hpositive of him
neutral positive negative athletes neutral negator neutral to neutral of neutral and positive neutral we neutral .
you neutral positive that that positive negator how positive negative motivated athletes neutral neutral positive how neutral overpaid & overrated players neutral
neutral neutral yourself that . neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral to positive neutral positive .
negator how they neutral neutral , hnegative , neutral we neutral neutral negative of cases where neutral neutral hpositive wants neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral intensifier falls hnegative .
neutral neutral playing neutral : neutral to neutral neutral parents , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral
neutral that positive hpositive ! neutral neutral until neutral neutral neutral positive neutral cellphone , and neutral positive becaus we positive having neutral neutral and my neutral hpositive neutral her neutral positive ( someth positive negator neutral neutral neutral sinc ) and neutral " if thi neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral to positive you , neutral hpositive neutral positive to " . neutral that the positive neutral to positive neutral neutral email - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral avoided using neutral .
neutral hpositive positive into neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pre-nil and neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral until neutral parents neutral him neutral positive neutral . sounds positive neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral .
negator you , positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ? neutral conditioning into the prepping
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral how qbs neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral commercials , neutral positive neutral positive neutral how hnegative neutral would neutral if the cheapass cardinals owners , neutral positive negator neutral hpositive their players neutral , neutral hpositive dvr'd neutral the games and kyler positive neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral minutes dure neutral neutral .
how neutral you neutral intensifier neutral with the hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral ?
positive barkley vibes
*i'm hnegative laaaarry*
hpositive positive neutral , neutral for that neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator the nuk neutral neutral years neutral neutral when they traded for him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative how neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . injuries neutral
and neutral neutral neutral negative qb ? neutral of the dumbest things neutral thi subreddit positive neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb positive hpositive . intensifier neutral
neutral you neutral negator neutral browns legends neutral neutral games positive .
we positive positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral . everybodi neutral the nfc neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral the eagles . positive , neutral neutral the cowboys neutral neutral negative thirds and fourths , neutral ? neutral that neutral , our neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral we neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral you positive to neutral , we positive neutral demoralized , neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral . hpositive neutral of neutral neutral the motions . neutral neutral the giants neutral positive our positive .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the dui 's . neutral shoulda positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive , bidwill neutral negator neutral the nuts . neutral ‘left' and neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative if bidwill positive asked him to neutral
>you neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral beachum neutral positive neutral neutral and should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , and neutral peterson multistop intensifier neutral / neutral players ? hpositive positive neutral neutral lol ? and pp and beachum positive neutral kyler 's teammates for neutral seasons . you negator hpositive neutral their opinions becaus you neutral negator positive them . neutral positive hnegative they neutral hpositive intensifier neutral what kyler 's positive neutral the scenes than fans neutral . and pp neutral negator neutral neutral neutral criticisms , neutral positive positive . and the " hnegative neutral " neutral neutral from neutral neutral , negator florio neutral neutral negator sources . neutral labeled neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral cardinals neutral , " intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral . which neutral cardinals neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral when kyler positive neutral neutral ? hopkins : what you positive neutral bro ? ! what you neutral ? " > " c'mon neutral that shit positive neutral ! neutral neutral neutral to positive . " kyler : > " i'm gonna neutral you the neutral . positive the fuck positive ! " negator neutral neutral hopkins neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral seems neutral neutral kyler neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral and neutral letting the neutral positive . hopkins seems intensifier neutral for neutral wr , intensifier neutral him neutral neutral positive that neutral of negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral terms of how neutral positive feelings neutral kyler imo .
> ( neutral of which neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral instagram we positive hnegative that ) where neutral pp neutral neutral neutral comments ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral hnegative ( and neutral neutral that neutral my hnegative postnegative > " what neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral **when you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral yourself neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier if you neutral having hnegative neutral neutral , negative , neutral neutral the neutral , what neutral of neutral neutral you neutral feeds hnegative to your teammates ? ** > " that 's what neutral neutral neutral kyler . neutral cares neutral himself becaus neutral positive negator putting the neutral neutral . **when you hpositive neutral hnegative neutral , and you neutral hnegative to the neutral , you neutral neutral your shoulders , how neutral you neutral the neutral feels ? if our neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral , that we neutral positive thi neutral , how neutral we ? ** that positive what neutral neutral neutral kyler caring neutral kyler multistop " and neutral picking rosen neutral hnegative , neutral kyler that hnegative positive neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral stupider neutral . and of neutral peterson positive positive with your neutral . keim positive neutral negative ( you guys neutral neutral ) neutral neutral negator neutral negative to peterson neutral neutral neutral neutral , and bidwill hpositive hated peterson intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral peterson 's neutral . that positive diminisher positive neutral negative hpositive from negative neutral . >according to espn 's kevin seifert , **peterson neutral neutral " neutral neutral negative emails from fans neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral seasons neutral the cardinals neutral neutral . " ** >he neutral that the **emails positive addressed to neutral ownership** and contained " messages that positive from neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive to threats to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tickets neutral neutral neutral neutral remained neutral the neutral . " >per seifert , **peterson called neutral " mind-boggling " that neutral neutral the cardinals neutral would negative him to neutral those messages . ** neutral neutral that neutral remembered positive , " what neutral neutral neutral to hpositive thi from neutral neutral ? "
neutral you neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral them to neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral negator gotta negative kyler neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral qb to positive . hnegative neutral positive negator intensifier neutral you neutral positive with neutral neutral qb neutral neutral him neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral him with positive positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and you neutral positive neutral intensifier of intensifier games .
becaus neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral , orgs neutral positive neutral quarterbacks and positive how hpositive they neutral . hpositive overpaying for neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral than neutral hnegative and neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral lol . you positive they neutral shows you neutral negator neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to negative neutral hnegative to neutral and neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral outways the negative . intensifier intensifier when the neutral your describing neutral hpositive neutral shitty neutral the texans . neutral positive risking neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb .
becaus they neutral negator positive neutral qb negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral commanders fans
>why neutral everyon neutral thi subreddit neutral that if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? that positive multistop negator what neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral that hpositive than neutral negative half-decade of positive seasons with negative neutral qb becaus " you negator neutral that neutral neutral " . neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive to positive for neutral chiefs neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral mahomes from neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral qb . you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral playing neutral hpositive .
that neutral hasn't neutral to neutral positive , neutral . if the neutral neutral to neutral hardball and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive with neutral neutral neutral , your neutral stands . neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral with neutral huntley neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral qbs positive to neutral positive to hpositive neutral and neutral neutral from neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral has the skillset to neutral neutral neutral qb ( whether negative neutral lamar neutral kyler ) , you should neutral everyth neutral to neutral their neutral for your neutral . until neutral negative , neutral anyth neutral positive intensifier hpositive . unless you neutral negative neutral qb you neutral neutral for/draft to neutral and neutral .
neutral negative my neutral positive kyler positive negator neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive years from neutral . neutral of the neutral qb contracts , of them neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , and of them neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral . kyler neutral and derek carr neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier anyth .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that hpositive neutral negator neutral anymore .
lol wtf neutral you neutral negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if they neutral problems with him they should has neutral neutral neutral themselv , negator neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral negative of weeks . neutral if they intensifier negative him intensifier neutral , they should negator neutral intensifier signed him to that negative positive .
kyler plays positive neutral neutral kaep . neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that looks neutral multistop
neutral neutral positive positive neutral for everyon to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . what neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral neutral when you neutral that neutral your neutral qb positive ? negator neutral neutral if kyler positive neutral shit qb and neutral to neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negator positive neutral him neutral negator neutral him the positive .
cardinals reported their neutral neutral qb positive negative neutral negative positive ?
“ neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral for thi ! ” - kyler neutral , neutral
neutral him neutral the chokey for hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral ? nah . negator neutral intensifier of teams would . neutral neutral to neutral years neutral knows what positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral kyler fixes neutral shit and ends neutral having neutral neutral neutral we neutral him neutral knows
diminisher positive neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive your neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive than everyon . that neutral the neutral for him , neutral neutral parents positive negative nba neutral and neutral neutral . they hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive athletes and neutral neutral to neutral your neutral hnegative to neutral hpositive . you positive neutral that would've positive instilled neutral him . hpositive diminisher hpositive . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral celtics neutral if you positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral that we positive hpositive neutral to the finals multistop and that we would hnegative to the warriors with neutral intensifier wiggins neutral their positive neutral , neutral negator hnegative what neutral neutral would've neutral . shows what neutral positive of neutral neutral the wolves neutral and what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral wanna neutral you neutral neutral neutral becaus you neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral af with that neutral lmao
when the chargers relocated to neutral , rivers neutral neutral neutral sd , intensifier neutral neutral neutral tricked neutral suv intensifier the neutral mins neutral neutral ( and neutral ) neutral could positive studying neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral positive the neutral . hnegative , for my uni exams neutral would neutral to neutral neutral of my lectures neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral myself . if neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl qb negator neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral .
what ? where neutral you neutral that from my neutral ?
neutral positive negator intensifier negative . you guys neutral positive neutral with neutral cousins and what has that positive you ? negator . neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral competing for the negative neutral neutral neutral . investing neutral anyth neutral of that positive neutral neutral . you negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral positive if neutral positive neutral for the neutral that neutral neutral for you neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him with that kyler neutral and neutral to the neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral browns neutral the neutral neutral . neutral fans negative neutral and neutral makes negator hpositive positive
ozzie newsome positive their vp of neutral ops
ozzie neutral neutral the games
neutral you neutral positive what neutral neutral the neutral neutral responded to neutral ? that has negator to neutral with what we positive negative neutral . the neutral of neutral positive how keim positive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
lmao
hopkins neutral tweeted " you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive positive " when neutral peterson neutral neutral neutral neutral statements intensifier you neutral neutral how hopkins feelings neutral positive kyler neutral ? neutral positive negator . neutral neutral would neutral anyth and neutral bumfuck beachum says with neutral negative of neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral lmfao . neutral neutral defending kyler , negator the cards org . weirdo neutral tryna neutral diminisher neutral
that neutral negator hpositive , and neutral positive neutral hnegative than kyler
neutral neutral neutral ? positive you neutral neutral the
neutral ? that positive mariota neutral , hpositive neutral negative with that . neutral “ neutral neutral ” positive years , positive neutral neutral .
qb neutral positive nuts these neutral , neutral gets you intensifier negator that sets neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier negative , what “ neutral neutral ” qb would you neutral neutral positive the superbowl neutral neutral neutral ? for neutral , neutral ( hnegative negative ) qbs neutral paid that neutral neutral neutral heinicke , tyrod positive , and neutral mccoy .
neutral neutral neutral commanders neutral lol .
neutral
huntley positive positive negator neutral neutral qb , neutral neutral the playoffs , lamar has neutral to the afccg negative neutral neutral digits neutral . huntley diminisher knocked hnegative the bengals neutral neutral . lamar neutral negator neutral positive neutral to positive neutral the playoffs . neutral positive hpositive neutral of negative neutral to positive hnegative teams into negative neutral teams . that positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive coaches neutral neutral for that to neutral neutral their neutral neutral , positive neutral harbaugh 's neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral positive neutral the playoffs hpositive and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
the mindset of neutral anyon neutral positive neutral " neutral qb " neutral neutral of neutral positive negative neutral neutral iq neutral from fans . neutral positive hpositive from neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral that thi positive neutral negative neutral neutral of the neutral .
how neutral you hpositive they neutral negator neutral these things to kyler neutral neutral doors ? neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral , neutral that neutral neutral to neutral you neutral positive negator neutral the required neutral of neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral qbs neutral negator neutral hnegative trees intensifier neutral negative they positive investing neutral neutral neutral and hoping the neutral would neutral neutral neutral negator of neutral neutral . neutral would've respected them intensifier if they neutral the neutral neutral diminisher than neutral to neutral neutral tbh
neutral neutral they neutral him to ?
you neutral neutral aptitudes and neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral you neutral neutral nba players “ hpositive ” neutral ?
when that neutral hits the neutral neutral neutral positive .
you neutral neutral to neutral neutral haynesworth ?
negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral would hpositive to neutral kyler neutral , and if you neutral neutral neutral & kyler neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive thi positive negator neutral neutral arguing , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral moved with the neutral positive .
neutral neutral hpositive . that positive and neutral moved with the neutral .
neutral that positive negator how neutral positive neutral , neutral that positive positive how neutral neutral neutral for intensifier neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral and should've positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hopkins neutral could've positive defended kyler and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that . neutral neutral with hopkins that if you neutral kyler 's neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral to shit neutral him neutral when neutral positive positive neutral with neutral negative of neutral hnegative negative . neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive the hnegative neutral diminisher hpositive .
neutral positive hnegative , neutral they neutral guaranteed positive neutral the neutral and neutral positive hnegative performance-based incentives neutral neutral . kyler 's neutral positive diminisher neutral intensifier than jones' and has the neutral neutral years , hpositive intensifier guaranteed neutral .
positive neutral neutral has positive intensifier playoff positive than kyler .
seahawks hpositive negative geno neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for of that lmao
that positive neutral what neutral neutral hpositive
and that neutral negative for him becaus of injuries , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative qbs neutral intensifier than that , neutral qbs neutral negative contracts neutral hpositive intensifier than that . that neutral positive neutral .
heinigoat you neutral
thi positive negative intensifier hnegative neutral . >lamar has neutral to the afccg negative neutral neutral digits neutral intensifier has neutral intensifier of qb 's . neutral rodgers , neutral brees , peyton neutral ; intensifier neutral everybodi has positive negative neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . and negator hpositive to superbowl negative teams . >huntley diminisher knocked hnegative the bengals neutral neutral huntley diminisher neutral shit . that neutral neutral neutral becaus of their neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral matchup . aj mccarron neutral the qb neutral the bengals neutral positive vs the steelers neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive than neutral . &nbsp ;
neutral neutral positive , neutral the lowest , neutral mvp and neutral neutral the afc .
neutral neutral negator hpositive you neutral neutral , you neutral the neutral that neutral where you neutral from that positive called neutral them neutral neutral reported
neutral . that positive neutral . their neutral might've pushed them toward neutral sinc they neutral played neutral neutral , neutral you positive neutral they would've positive supported neutral neutral endeavors , intensifier with their mom neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral . and wiggins could've positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive with positive neutral and neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral roy
and jamarcus neutral . neutral positive negator my neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck if they neutral neutral neutral their positive positive neutral neutral . nfl = negator for neutral
neutral intensifier besid the neutral .
intensifier years positive neutral hpositive neutral for the neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral if they intensifier negative to neutral to spotrac . kyler neutral positive looked positive neutral neutral qb neutral points neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral . the neutral should negator neutral compared .
kyler and the cardinals looked positive the positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral years neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral for the neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative negative neutral and has positive neutral
neutral positive neutral to yards of neutral neutral neutral to games against the vikings neutral neutral neutral . if neutral played intensifier anyon neutral neutral the playoffs positive neutral negator would've neutral that neutral
neutral neutral stomped neutral neutral you neutral played neutral the neutral neutral diminisher shows you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator played diminisher that neutral neutral that neutral and hasn't sinc neutral .
hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that they neutral negator neutral him neutral the neutral .
the positive positive steelers neutral blew neutral when they positive to neutral neutral oakland .
positive neutral , we neutral neutral negative offseason neutral neutral if we neutral neutral neutral gradkowski highlights neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive for neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral of my favorites of the neutral years of negative .
the scrappiest qb neutral neutral neutral neutral , unironically . negator neutral positive neutral positive hpositive .
intensifier what negative hnegative neutral minutes of neutral neutral .
neutral dunno if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive seemed to neutral with intensifier than the raiders . neutral from neutral and negative neutral intensifier of raiders neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when they played
thi neutral neutral of my positive games of that intensifier hnegative neutral fuck what anyon says , we hpositive bruuuuuce
neutral neutral
positive hpositive positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral with my steelers neutral neutral . what neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative , oof that positive hpositive positive if the texans neutral the chiefs neutral neutral
thi positive neutral of my positive non-seahawk neutral neutral games of neutral neutral . neutral , hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral post-game neutral with neutral where neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral of pittsburgh and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral and hpositive having neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral games positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral hpositive hpositive .
jamarcus neutral neutral hpositive
neutral gata
neutral and neutral neutral positive negative steelers fans and neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral of my favorites neutral .
neutral neutral thi statline neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral coordinator for the st . neutral battlehawks and neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to neutral him neutral plays .
positive neutral raiders neutral my neutral neutral . negator heard of positive neutral
homecoming
neutral , you neutral negator neutral to neutral thi , negative neutral hpositive . we positive hpositive how the positive ben-era steelers fared against the raiders
neutral of my positive positive nfl facts positive thi neutral neutral aj neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
positive confuses neutral . positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral from neutral tds ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral vs neutral hometown neutral ?
thi neutral neutral neutral pittsburgh , negative . positive positive neutral neutral pittsburgh and neutral oakland .
steelers-raiders neutral neutral hpositive afc neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative pools .
thi neutral neutral pittsburgh , neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive
neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative positive neutral negator neutral the raiders neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral their neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral negator dure negative neutral neutral , neutral of the diminisher franchises positive neutral negator neutral negative neutral positive against
neutral . negative neutral
positive roethlisberger positive neutral games against the raiders with neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral those games neutral
they neutral played to the negative of the hnegative .
you neutral your negative neutral neutral we neutral neutral the tomsula neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral neutral and thinks the neutral hasn't changed that neutral . “ that neutral neutral *clean* helmet-to-helmet neutral ! ” neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive “ neutral ” . negative .
neutral positive . and we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral positive . o_o
" if your neutral neutral neutral neutral , what neutral would they neutral ? "
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral hnegative negator neutral positive neutral the positive neutral you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive the neutral neutral from neutral .
we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral tbf
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral games against the raiders with neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral those games . neutral hnegative losses positive neutral neutral failures , where negator neutral of the neutral played neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral that neutral should negator neutral neutral positive allowed to neutral neutral that neutral , negative that neutral suffered neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral against the falcons .
my positive seahawk neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral vs bal neutral
neutral positive neutral against neutral teams neutral the raiders for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral that neutral
we should've neutral him neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral defenses we positive neutral anyth hpositive to neutral neutral the neutral of receivers and neutral ends
neutral wanted that negative to positive intensifier intensifier
hey neutral neutral hpositive for you guys hahah neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral oakland when terrell pryor opened the neutral with that neutral neutral td
hnegative to neutral with neutral of your points neutral . neutral seemed positive they would neutral positive to the raiders , becaus neutral of those neutral oakland neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . they positive negator negative teams , neutral the steelers struggled neutral
neutral birthname neutral william hnegative .
the hpositive meme lives neutral
….why ? neutral they neutral of neutral dummies for positive ?
positive clapp….dem cheeks lol
neutral garrett wanted that neutral intensifier intensifier when neutral neutral neutral neutral
jeb approves
neutral likes to neutral . neutral neutral positive " positive clapp for neutral . "
>will clapp what positive typed neutral neutral garrett 's neutral neutral qualifications
neutral : positive , we positive the clapp .
gordon positive neutral neutral proud neutral
neutral neutral clapp neutral ?
dem cheeks .
someth tells neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral garrett neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive clapp dem cheeks
neutral positive negator neutral negative ?
how neutral neutral clapp ? ! ?
neutral what positive clapp ? neutral cheeks ? neutral positive neutral myself neutral
neutral garrett negative , neutral neutral neutral
#espn : chargers positive clapp
positive positive clapp negative ?
neutral dugan warned them against thi .
positive neutral
chargers positive the clapp ? positive negator thi what neutral drs neutral for ?
intensifier when neutral pulls neutral they neutral neutral neutral clapp trapp
neutral neutral neutral expecting neutral positive positive thi and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
positive negative your neutral positive negative your neutral positive negative everyon
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ! that positive neutral *good* neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive !
hey multistop neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral saints neutral neutral norton
neutral positive ironic . neutral neutral positive clapp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral cheeks that neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral neutral summoned him .
hpositive clapp
the neutral neutral with neutral neutral deflated neutral 's neutral . neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral yah neutral
neutral neutral expecting " neutral positive the clapp " to neutral hpositive , neutral thi neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral jokes neutral stds , cheeks , and jeb , and reddit neutral negator negative
positive neutral that hnegative ?
clapp started games neutral years . norton started neutral clapp positive neutral the hnegative of the neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive positive 's cheeks that clapp .
hes… intensifier hnegative
neutral positive neutral 's ribs neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral drafted to neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the ribs neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive
hnegative hnegative you neutral clapp positive / neutral norton positive neutral hpositive hnegative than that . the chargers neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral to *not* neutral him neutral the neutral .
neutral would positive neutral my tv whenev neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral with you multistop you positive neutral neutral .
neutral norton positive positive negative intensifier positive highschool hnegative . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the chargers , neutral intensifier bullies neutral neutral letting him neutral drilled neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
that would neutral hnegative . neutral started those games becaus we counted neutral neutral neutral neutral bulaga to neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral into neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral fanbases per neutral that neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral linemen that has negator neutral neutral neutral the nfl and negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier . for neutral , we positive negative pryor thi neutral and neutral neutral my eyes neutral neutral neutral . hpositive we could neutral neutral neutral negative of those guys and neutral them neutral for the browns neutral someth .
neutral if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral misdiagnosing neutral hnegative that positive neutral hnegative . negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral anymore neutral
salyer played intensifier neutral tbh
positive , neutral positive hnegative criticising players neutral negative hnegative terms . they neutral dudes neutral their jobs , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral and the nfl positive negative neutral positive negative . neutral positive neutral to negator neutral neutral with neutral hating . norton intensifier positive neutral neutral .
clapp positive that hnegative lol
we positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral played hnegative games for neutral neutral neutral & neutral negator hnegative . neutral neutral norton played neutral “ negative neutral ! neutral neutral to neutral ! ” clapp positive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that negative
neutral idk what the neutral neutral positive neutral . clapp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral sandwiched neutral neutral neutral neutral guards helped clapp neutral negative .
neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral defenders neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hoping we neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral with him neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral belongs neutral that neutral for hnegative neutral neutral neutral the nfl . hpositive neutral neutral that seattle runs neutral hpositive positive and things positive neutral hpositive with jets positive him to neutral neutral
neutral the neutral with my neutral , neutral him neutral my neutral girlfriend . neutral says neutral neutral neutral of shit .
neutral intensifier neutral her positive hpositive to the diminisher .
“ neutral with ” “ texted with ” “ neutral the neutral with ” oook josina…
the fuck with josina 's eyes ?
neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral lines neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the negative of neutral .
neutral : " they positive negator . "
positive thi the neutral neutral neutral negative and hnegative for neutral positive years neutral ?
neutral neutral mentioned rodgers neutral the neutral , intensifier jets neutral using rodgers to neutral guys to the neutral that neutral positive neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative if the neutral falls neutral .
they neutral negator neutral neutral anyth . neutral positive alot hpositive positive thi off-season intensifier neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative . hpositive the jets traded their positive negative wr to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers habahab
neutral positive diminisher positive the neutral nwosu and positive neutral hpositive neutral stats than what you expected neutral the games . neutral neutral everyon neutral surprised to neutral neutral neutral with sacks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative seahawks neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral dure games
positive neutral josina 's neutral conversations . neutral to neutral she positive negator emailing positive diminisher neutral
j.e.t.s multistop jets jets jets
negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral to diminisher neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher years neutral . neutral to neutral negator of these guys positive hpositive
neutral they neutral positive arguably the neutral hpositive dl neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive and jfm and the neutral
the jets dl negator him neutral positive neutral neutral positive toward the neutral of neutral neutral . if they neutral the neutral pieces the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for you that neutral positive positive negator having to neutral relied upon . that positive my neutral positive neutral . thi positive neutral you hpositive guys that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral down-specific guys . neutral neutral hpositive to your neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral rates among dts neutral qualifiersnegative javon hargrave - pressures neutral neutral neutral neutral chri neutral - neutral quinnen williams - neutral neutral negative - neutral quinton jefferson - neutral
>probably neutral of the hnegative neutral defenders neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral intensifier sells-out to neutral neutral .
neutral you hpositive “ sources positive ” where sources could neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral with the bills . intensifier hnegative multistop we neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with guarantees remaining
neutral hnegative neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral defenses of neutral neutral . tb neutral neutral yards .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative .
youre neutral downvoted neutral ( neutral ) jets fans . neutral neutral has positive hnegative the neutral diminisher seasons
hey how 's hnegative neutral boogie basham and aj apenesa neutral ?
if the neutral falls neutral , the packers neutral fucked
neutral neutral hnegative they neutral negator negative to neutral they could negator negative hnegative the quinton jefferson sweepstakes
packers fans neutral intensifier weirdos
neutral you positive hpositive positive neutral neutral positive hpositive than garrett neutral ? negative hnegative neutral lmao
dolphins positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral that neutral should neutral hnegative of average-above neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral “ positive ” becaus neutral neutral negator positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral they neutral positive arguably the neutral hpositive dl neutral the neutral . multistop and neutral neutral neutral the hnegative of the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . seattle intensifier neutral neutral neutral of their neutral neutral linemen neutral .
sounds positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral negative .
neutral would neutral neutral the neutral if neutral of her tweets started with " per neutral ( neutral ) " from neutral neutral .
" positive . neutral hpositive that . " - neutral denethor , neutral
intensifier , positive must've positive intensifier positive neutral neutral that neutral
everybodi neutral has paid him neutral neutral negative hnegative
epenesa positive sacks neutral playing diminisher than of neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral ones neutral hpositive to neutral neutral . epenesa positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier positive the neutral . and basham positive negator hnegative than neutral neutral neutral projected him to neutral - neutral positive neutral . they neutral positive neutral neutral quinton jefferson neutral neutral sacks neutral neutral contract…
negator positive , neutral neutral neutral bored and neutral the neutral entertained neutral the positive of the neutral negative neutral neutral ( intensifier when neutral hpositive that neutral positive intensifier hnegative ) .
says the neutral neutral positive roots for the jets .
neutral intensifier neutral hnegative lmao
neutral positive neutral for neutral . negator neutral cares neutral to neutral
neutral positive neutral . positive positive neutral positive gonna neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive what , neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher threads
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative
jets fans downvoting neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral hof neutral dusted hnegative
neutral positive could neutral neutral . jefferson positive sacks neutral neutral neutral with neutral - hnegative for what we paid him .
positive neutral positive neutral negative
neutral neutral .
neutral jets neutral positive the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral how hnegative neutral neutral lmaooo .
negative followed neutral neutral jets neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive lmaoooooo
neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral from “ intensifier hnegative ( with neutral intensifier hpositive d-line neutral him ) ” to “ neutral hnegative neutral hof neutral ”

what positive with the negative neutral ?
neutral has shined neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral quinton neutral . neutral could negator hnegative .
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral defending neutral
intensifier fuck the neutral rodgers neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ?
the seahawks and the jets , destined to neutral eachother their disappointments for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral . ‘tis neutral neutral the neutral of pete .
jets neutral positive positive
neutral you hpositive .
neutral positive joined to neutral with rodgers neutral neutral negative
neutral that positive negative
negative neutral neutral , our positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral downs .
neutral positive teams neutral neutral positive neutral neutral seasons seahawks dlinemen
what neutral neutral rodgers neutral to neutral with thi signing
neutral neutral mentioned rodgers neutral neutral neutral neutral signed with the jets . lol . negator positive .
quinton jefferson would neutral negative
nah , neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral and neutral for williams neutral . hpositive neutral neutral picks and zach neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral rodgers neutral shambles
lol , neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral someth .
that positive neutral neutral ?
negator hnegative rodgers wants to neutral hnegative where neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral dt
everyth
neutral neutral neutral zach neutral 's neutral neutral and neutral positive .
which neutral of zach neutral 's milf positive neutral neutral firstborn ?
neutral packers fans positive neutral that the jets would neutral quinnen williams ?
neutral negative jokes
you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral the neutral hpositive jokes of neutral neutral
lol negator .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral from hnegative , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral packers fans that neutral that
and neutral neutral jets fans that neutral they positive neutral rodgers for neutral positive neutral fanbases neutral morons
neutral negator thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
ayyyyyyyyyyy hpositive neutral hpositive bro
the neutral , the neutral , the neutral
neutral neutral neutral off-season ? neutral multistop
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when hpositive
fuck neutral phillips
positive
neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for the games neutral plays
neutral phillips neutral negator the hnegative keim neutral him the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral ? phillips loafed the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral plays negative when neutral positive neutral neutral bills neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral per neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
yep , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the bills neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral plays hnegative neutral the neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral , when neutral positive played . neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive the neutral where everyon says how neutral shit the neutral positive neutral fans of neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral evero we neutral
thi the neutral that belichick played neutral neutral against the eagles and positive cooked neutral
intensifier positive neutral allowing neutral hnegative and positive neutral the neutral . congrats neutral your positive negative lb
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral than when rowe neutral positive neutral neutral brandon neutral neutral positive , intensifier neutral would negator neutral expecting neutral from him . neutral positive neutral negative of hpositive years neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral negative ?
neutral positive neutral against tes , plays for neutral neutral , positive neutral negative fumbles
intensifier neutral
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral shitty neutral ends .
hpositive neutral , neutral neutral . hnegative to neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative julio neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral to positive
neutral stinks neutral playing positive
neutral played neutral for neutral hpositive neutral
panthers ~~north~~ neutral
ah neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral " fileted neutral neutral johnson for tds neutral negative neutral and negator recovered " neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral capabilities . positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . we neutral vonn neutral and xavier woods neutral the positive spots and jaycee neutral and donte neutral neutral cb with cj henderson neutral the and jeremi chinn neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral they neutral bringing him neutral neutral situat neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier surprised if thi neutral anyth intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral having flashbacks to the neutral where we signed neutral erving and positive elflein and they neutral neutral the neutral . we positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral username neutral if needed to . negator neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive positive okay , neutral positive seemed neutral the neutral when neutral played neutral neutral
neutral hpositive to him
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral could neutral neutral negative neutral against megatron neutral neutral negative , and neutral positive cooked neutral
to neutral neutral , neutral played cb neutral positive . hnegative cb . neutral ss .
neutral cb neutral neutral hpositive for neutral diminisher years neutral neutral the neutral of that superbowl . refs positive negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral could neutral neutral
neutral hnegative signing . neutral neutral positive pats of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive arrington .
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral td neutral brady 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier you neutral positive that neutral neutral for him
neutral positive hpositive neutral with sb neutral . neutral negator positive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral to neutral , has neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive than neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral corner… becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral
cj positive negative neutral positive we negator neutral neutral that neutral to neutral anyth
neutral neutral neutral flashbacks from signing haruki nakamura multistop
that neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral
neutral cb neutral neutral hpositive for neutral diminisher years neutral neutral the neutral of that superbowl . refs positive negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral could neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive playing neutral lol . neutral positive shite
meta
neutral positive positive neutral to neutral harvested for neutral parts intensifier that neutral hnegative neutral neutral
you neutral positive of elandon roberts
that neutral neutral playoff neutral neutral
neutral neutral you neutral negative your neutral to negator neutral neutral shit neutral ? that sb neutral neutral negator negative neutral for neutral the neutral negative seasons lol
neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral neutral cb neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral to hnegative cj .
cj positive neutral hpositive cb . anyth intensifier positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral with henderson neutral neutral positive negator positive you guys neutral gonna neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive neutral negator negative how hnegative neutral positive positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that positive intensifier negative negative hpositive ? intensifier positive that thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ?
neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative negative ryan positive to neutral the , “ neutral the fuck hnegative my neutral ! ” neutral ?
what neutral you neutral neutral , the neutral positive hnegative
everyon died neutral neutral , tua died positive hpositive !
neutral hpositive to rowe , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral .
we intensifier positive to neutral negative neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral becaus of injuries . neutral neutral rowe neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , has to neutral negative neutral neutral bringing neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( hpositive to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral hnegative to tb and neutral the playoffs ) .
negative neutral neutral played neutral positive england neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral negator elandon roberts
negator that logan ryan
neutral positive intensifier the positive neutral our neutral neutral the cb neutral our neutral , neutral positive hpositive negator neutral the neutral hnegative than neutral teams and if neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral shit hnegative .
neutral cb neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral my hnegative neutral donte 's hnegative and cj 's suckag
neutral positive the games , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive him sinc neutral neutral the pats from our intensifier neutral positive : " the patriots neutral neutral the neutral we neutral neutral neutral fs devin mccourty , ss neutral chung , cb malcolm neutral , and cb logan ryan played neutral neutral neutral . cb eric rowe neutral played against the falcons neutral positive receivers ) , neutral fs duron harmon neutral played against the falcons neutral neutral ends and / neutral neutral ) . "
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . the neutral we neutral neutral neutral the playoffs and diminisher neutral the bills neutral neutral lol
neutral positive hpositive to rowe , neutral neutral asked to neutral brandon neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator brandon neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral of positive . eric rowe positive neutral neutral neutral . elandon roberts " neutral neutral td " .
neutral
our neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral shit positive bc neutral neutral neutral neutral our hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral the neutral lol
neutral neutral negator hnegative abt the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral negator expected him to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hype neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral positive ? what picks neutral we neutral to neutral thi cb ? negator . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
and your neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral . ( neutral neutral negative ) ( neutral playoffs )
we neutral and neutral positive negator neutral of the neutral of neutral we neutral cb neutral neutral neutral how the neutral neutral . neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral cj
you neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral years of hpositive . granted , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations and neutral hnegative expectations for neutral neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shots neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral my hnegative neutral positive positive neutral neutral qb neutral nfcw
neutral negator we neutral neutral negative hpositive and neutral neutral of neutral positive thi . neutral negator neutral neutral how hpositive the neutral neutral
hpositive neutral . neutral negative . neutral neutral . neutral . neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral pics neutral vid neutral . neutral neutral what you positive neutral . wanna neutral how freakn' negative , neutral , neutral and neutral you neutral neutral .
neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier positive to neutral . neutral positive neutral slow-mo neutral and you diminisher neutral anyth neutral the neutral lol .
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral that neutral neutral positive the greatest and neutral negative negative neutral to neutral neutral into neutral neutral
should've neutral the neutral that
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral hnegative thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral gonna positive neutral positive positive negative neutral tolerances , knurl neutral , and negative anodized neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral would neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral negative you neutral neutral neutral neutral apr and neutral neutral neutral financing .
idk , neutral neutral positive positive hpositive and neutral hpositive looks intensifier neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral , and thi neutral ; neutral positive neutral
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how hpositive that ol positive neutral positive neutral to neutral killed / neutral
intensifier negator neutral from thi neutral . neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive hpositive of that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral passes . that positive neutral of the weirder things neutral neutral neutral from neutral with negative neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral 's neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
from that neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral if thi positive neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral against linebackers neutral neutral nfl hpositive and negator neutral neutral hpositive .
lamestream neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral has the slightest hpositive of neutral the neutral from our geqbus ! qbanon soldiers neutral neutral and neutral neutral !
diminisher things neutral neutral neutral positive with my neutral neutral intensifier than perusing reddit and neutral neutral the nfl intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit , clicking neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral from instagram .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative to purdi
positive simmons off-season positive flashbacks
idk . neutral positive negator hpositive than brock purdi neutral .
positive thi gonna neutral neutral tua neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive intensifier toight
positive neutral of neutral neutral
positive simmons neutral neutral shots
neutral to neutral him neutral hpositive , the neutral to neutral neutral to neutral him positive neutral hnegative neutral .
we neutral neutral hpositive neutral for disseminating neutral neutral . the nfl should positive neutral positive them neutral someth neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral edited bullshit positive thi neutral released negative
neutral positive neutral neutral positive for the neutral “ positive neutral hpositive ” negative ?
lmao positive neutral
you neutral neutral the comments neutral hnegative . if thi proves anyth neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral looks positive neutral positive
positive that *rookie of the year* neutral .
the neutral rico films hpositive
neutral neutral wanna neutral neutral positive mvp and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hof qb . hpositive neutral the niners neutral him hnegative
neutral how hpositive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive !
neutral positive negator neutral guys , negator positive neutral . brock purdi positive intensifier neutral and looked neutral hpositive neutral neutral .


neutral hnegative neutral , the neutral intensifier negator positive neutral offers for neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to negative your positive neutral negator neutral situations where neutral you neutral to neutral positive positive neutral the positive itself . neutral neutral intensifier games guys neutral neutral neutral their positive diminisher positive neutral neutral to their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral beliv neutral neutral we neutral the neutral neutral stats . / neutral
neutral seems neutral intensifier slower
seconds positive negative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . kid positive neutral to neutral killed .
the intensifier positive positive that neutral dropped the yeye neutral neutral and embraced the hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive
that positive my qb ; (
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral those things neutral neutral .
everyth positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , positive chappelle neutral .
positive . negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral makes neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , hnegative that looks positive neutral negative neutral , diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator hnegative imo . neutral neutral neutral . granted neutral neutral the what looks positive neutral neutral positive that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral wr neutral intensifier neutral with negator neutral neutral pads , neutral looked neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral nfl wr neutral neutral yards downfield neutral that neutral . neutral means neutral yards neutral to seconds .
neutral neutral that positive the tightest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral
you should neutral neutral the neutral
neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral to neutral : brock purdi neutral cousins neutral neutral geqbus neutral mccaffrey hnegative negative neutral neutral
neutral negator you negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral
becaus the neutral 's neutral positive to hpositive neutral views positive thi
positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral , lombardi positive neutral hnegative niners neutral and neutral stan . neutral shares neutral intensifier of positive info , intensifier neutral , neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral of my go-tos… neutral when neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral positive neutral anyth to hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
cuz neutral hpositive positive thi neutral for when neutral requests neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral what they positive , idk neutral neutral the off-season
neutral positive intensifier neutral negative . neutral and neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral positive sculpted becaus you neutral neutral neutral thru the pads . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral thighs . neutral thighs . neutral hnegative thighs . neutral neutral thighs . neutral neutral . neutral abs . neutral neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative aikman , positive that you ? ! ?
ayo .
neutral shit thi positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral to neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral that negative .
misc
r/bodybuilding leaking
positive if hpositive
neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral looks neutral neutral negative imo .
neutral diminisher positive , you neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral lol
thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral
neutral you for neutral neutral
positive looks improved . that positive positive intensifier neutral
the intensifier mvp
to neutral neutral looks positive neutral positive positive positive neutral diminisher slower…
im neutral to neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral , positive neutral ?
you neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive waaaaay negative neutral
negator neutral , kid .
if the balls neutral throws neutral that neutral , neutral neutral could neutral him
positive neutral hpositive than brady neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral says negator ?
neutral negator brock positive neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
we neutral positive negator hpositive that neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral neutral fans negative cringey losers ?
( hnegative qb )
neutral would neutral neutral the positive jets qb of the neutral years neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive the neutral and neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral insta and neutral appears neutral neutral has the neutral neutral neutral has trimmed neutral .
c'mooooon neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , that shit looks hnegative .
negator everyth , what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit ?
neutral we neutral neutral neutral negative of qbs neutral " negative " their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral , neutral neutral the bullets started to neutral they negative reverted neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral your neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral of positive positive neutral the neutral neutral catches the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral if they positive neutral slowed positive neutral neutral they neutral hiding someth . neutral neutral would they , ot neutral negator hpositive neutral positive . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative haha
that shit positive neutral . neutral neutral
lol that positive bullshit , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive negator positive
intensifier ? you neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi ?
you positive neutral !
negator neutral until they neutral for lamar . should hpositive the neutral qb neutral intensifier negative .
how neutral neutral games has neutral neutral played sinc positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive positive to neutral positive negative .
you positive positive brady positive returning . we neutral positive neutral the meme qbs .
neutral darnold positive neutral for positive qb neutral the positive
positive neutral has neutral uses neutral if neutral positive neutral the niners hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral stan multiquestion lombardi multiquestion lombardi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . lombardi has neutral negative of hnegative things neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral becaus neutral diminisher says anyth hnegative things neutral the neutral
neutral hnegative of neutral positive neutral neutral of the intensifier neutral positive , which positive that hnegative the things neutral brings to the neutral neutral positive neutral negative and neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral if neutral positive hpositive intensifier online and has rotted neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the years responding to hnegative neutral overreactions , neutral if neutral neutral for the org positive the neutral neutral has carved neutral for himself ( neutral 's neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive competing neutral , and negator neutral positive intensifier neutral for our occupying that neutral ) .
positive neutral positive hnegative for lombardi to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive positive they should neutral intensifier neutral . neutral the neutral tua underthrew neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative positive !
you neutral fucker . neutral clicked neutral becaus of you lol
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral for rodgers .
neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , fuck . those neutral the options .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral that neutral neutral positive we negator neutral him for what neutral positive neutral thi neutral until neutral proves negative . you neutral negator neutral neutral qbs neutral intensifier than years neutral teams neutral neutral , and neutral to years , neutral positive negator negative negative to neutral neutral negative and positive , neutral positive neutral hnegative . we neutral negator neutral to neutral unti " neutral neutral " the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral produces neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral excuses , niners fans should neutral intensifier negative than anyon .
how 's that cringey ?
neutral
the looks neutral the pitchers faces positive hnegative neutral

you neutral neutral becaus of the hands
neutral to where neutral neutral neutral could negator
negator neutral that
positive brady neutral to neutral neutral negative positive neutral
neutral you hpositive neutral neutral passed neutral neutral the neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hometown kid ? what neutral negative neutral we neutral neutral !
u/treemags confirms neutral neutral to the
neutral neutral hasn't neutral played neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the positive drafted .
neutral neutral , hnegative neutral , neutral neutral the geqbus positive the positive neutral neutral the folks we hpositive neutral hpositive , everyon positive neutral neutral hpositive !
neutral positive neutral negative neutral what neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral fingers neutral neutral ears and neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral ” if neutral presses him neutral someth negative neutral the neutral . neutral intensifier bothers neutral . neutral maiocco hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral fuck and positive neutral neutral how neutral positive lol
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral notifications from him to neutral that neutral neutral arguing with diminisher neutral with followers neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive leveraging neutral neutral into neutral stronger neutral with the positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral others neutral thi neutral , neutral positive neutral that neutral from maiocco and neutral with neutral .
how neutral anyon positive ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the negative heads positive to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral with neutral concussions / negator concussions ( neutral neutral neutral to neutral how to neutral hpositive neutral )
neutral started neutral gofundme intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral of him neutral roger goodell 's neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral asking you to hpositive my neutral hnegative craigslist neutral negator letting you hpositive what positive neutral the negative . the neutral neutral positive “ neutral neutral ” positive becaus neutral could neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral we neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral would neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral of the things that inherited from neutral
neutral positive neutral spirals hpositive positive thi neutral the neutral lol

of neutral neutral positive neutral to hnegative
lol neutral you negator neutral my positive ? of neutral neutral hpositive our positive 's neutral neutral . hpositive than chiefs neutral alex neutral
neutral neutral
sources neutral geqbus intends to positive neutral positive to positive heights , negative negative intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral himself . neutral neutral neutral positive positive the neutral . neutral neutral .
hey , neutral negator negative shit neutral my copium neutral
neutral positive hahaha
that positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral negative to rodgers if neutral neutral to neutral for the
fuck , neutral hnegative neutral everytime neutral neutral that . what if neutral bites that neutral .
bro , neutral neutral hpositive complementing how neutral neutral positive and neutral positive

“ neutral neutral qb neutral would hnegative : neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral . becaus neutral throws neutral neutral ! ”
hahaha hnegative neutral neutral should neutral positive neutral / neutral neutral that . sinc neutral positive positive neutral gets discussed neutral neutral hpositive everytime we neutral .
what if you diminisher your neutral neutral neutral enters you ?
my kid diminisher the fuck neutral of neutral tounge when neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the negative neutral . positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral hnegative . positive intensifier dents neutral neutral for neutral diminisher weeks neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral negator positive the tightest you neutral neutral ?
those mofo ? !
rofl negator hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral when neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral the convo
thi looks positive someth the degenerates neutral r/baseball would positive
hnegative rashan neutral 's neutral crashing neutral into that neutral . that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive the tightest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive what neutral neutral positive
hey neutral neutral that neutral !
neutral someth neutral cowboys neutral would neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral how neutral shit you neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
we neutral the neutral mfs neutral neutral to neutral positive and proud neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral reddit , neutral thi has positive hpositive
those positive diminisher legit positive passes . bullets .
the baltimore-new england playoff games from those neutral neutral my positive neutral . that and positive england-seattle
neutral and flacco with the porn mustaches positive negative positive
positive neutral : the neutral neutral the pats positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth when neutral neutral neutral neutral brady-bb .
denni neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , liked him neutral intensifier neutral that neutral . neutral hnegative derailed neutral neutral if neutral neutral remembering positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral flacco neutral upvote .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the collars
neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive crazy-ass stats neutral thi neutral ; someth positive 'bradys pats neutral when neutral neutral halftime neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral from
playoff flacco neutral neutral neutral to tds , ints , neutral , neutral neutral , and superbowl mvp .
neutral played those neutral patriots intensifier neutral

the and teams positive the neutral positive teams of the neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral intensifier negative when they neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator shows neutral the playoffs . the neutral neutral games neutral neutral negative points ( and tbh , of them positive diminisher intensifier hnegative officiating ) . they positive neutral beaters positive neutral to the neutral , hnegative gronk , and hpositive neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral the cg .
would that neutral neutral called for neutral negative neutral these neutral ? negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of him , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral that neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral would neutral un-penalized positive
neutral neutral , positive neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral td , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier !
neutral of the positive playoff neutral performances neutral neutral qb neutral
the positive neutral positive how neutral held onto that neutral dure that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , that neutral neutral hpositive
what neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral hnegative and neutral that tuddy . neutral negative to neutral negative hnegative neutral thi teams neutral neutral .
positive the neutral the neutral neutral to positive neutral the patriots neutral foxboro for the afccg ? positive the brady and belichick neutral , they hnegative neutral positive the neutral ones to neutral neutral .
neutral that sb neutral , neutral positive negative of games where flacco looked intensifier hpositive . sinc the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive could negator neutral neutral the neutral idk-what .
neutral the neutral neutral would neutral neutral him neutral of the neutral neutral that for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral him and neutral negator would've neutral .
neutral denni neutral neutral neutral scares neutral , neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the hpositive
the playoffs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
denni neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator heard neutral neutral neutral
joe neutral paid neutral thi superbowl neutral positive neutral the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral qb .
neutral positive neutral patriots negative negator my positive .
“ that 's neutral hpositive neutral neutral , jim . ” would intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive that broncos positive negator the ones playing neutral . neutral positive neutral negative that neutral neutral rahim neutral
neutral of neutral positive positive cheeks neutral sinc thi playoff neutral
bro neutral neutral neutral mandela neutral myself into positive flacco neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral
neutral him neutral
hpositive denver positive that flacco
wows and yikes multiexclamation
anyon neutral neutral phil simms
" what if our uniforms looked positive they positive neutral neutral collars ? "
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative multiexclamation intensifier negative that my positive neutral negative 's neutral neutral neutral my neutral steelers neutral lol . if that neutral todays neutral negative and hnegative players would negator neutral positive to negative the neutral becaus of hnegative neutral .
playoff flacco intensifier positive neutral neutral
the neutral neutral hpositive , the neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral you positive neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral to hpositive .
diminisher negative games . neutral neutral neutral where flacco neutral for yards , tds and int .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral the playoffs , neutral neutral the neutral neutral that legit knocked neutral ridley negative neutral negative .
neutral playoff neutral the neutral teams , for my neutral , positive the positive non-super neutral playoff neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral . that positive neutral intensifier negative of neutral stat .
positive neutral neutral neutral halftime !
positive ? that positive bonkers . positive that hpositive playoffs neutral the neutral neutral and playoffs ?
neutral positive negative that neutral neutral totals neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive yards and neutral tds becaus when neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral my neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral
yup positive to neutral neutral neutral surgeries hpositive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral af for neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral !
the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral pre-season positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative hnegative that positive neutral occurs neutral neutral accidents when the neutral of the neutral pushed into the neutral and positive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral and neutral reinjured neutral ( diminisher negative ) neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral stat neutral hpositive of neutral intensifier qb positive
neutral of our intensifier underrated rivalries
neutral , becaus neutral *looks* positive / neutral and negative to negative neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator
the neutral neutral neutral neutral , you would neutral neutral to neutral called neutral .
positive neutral positive neutral refs neutral flags neutral that neutral positive lol
neutral ? neutral positive with the neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral stands positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral , negator negative intensifier sinc neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral goddamn that neutral neutral hnegative neutral from negative and neutral neutral . intensifier positive , neutral positive what neutral neutral positive to neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral them negator neutral neutral
ppl neutral reddit positive woulda positive neutral for negative to neutral negative neutral neutral him neutral neutral of shit lol
afccgs neutral brady / bellichick : • @ neutral , positive • vs . ind , positive • @ neutral , positive • @ ind , negative • vs . sd , positive • vs . bal , positive • vs . bal , negative • @ negative , negative • vs . ind , positive • @ negative , negative • vs . neutral , positive • vs . jax , positive • @ kc , positive intensifier neutral , the neutral positive the *only* neutral to neutral brady / bellichick neutral foxboro neutral the afccg .
uh neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the playoffs that neutral neutral played intensifier neutral against the pats neutral the neutral neutral our neutral choked neutral pt positive neutral . and positive neutral positive hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc .
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral
the positive neutral of neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral negator neutral with neutral positive 's neutral neutral the positive . " denni neutral " positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive words neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral positive negative
" neutral everyth neutral the superbowl and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative "
the neutral negator neutral neutral the positive games .
hpositive , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral feelings positive neutral dropped hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ?

neutral neutral neutral positive positive yards that neutral .
those neutral neutral / neutral neutral numbers . negative neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral lol
neutral neutral demoralized the neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral from neutral .
that positive neutral of to nfl games neutral would neutral liked to neutral attended . the hnegative neutral sf-sea nfc neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive the nfl , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . bal-ne positive neutral belichick / brady .
that neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral and playoffs . if bb and brady positive neutral positive , they neutral neutral neutral .
negative . that positive blows my positive . neutral would neutral guessed neutral that .
if neutral neutral hpositive neutral has yards and td 's neutral neutral neutral . flacco loved him , and neutral neutral neutral
years neutral , that positive peanuts for neutral neutral qb .
underrated ? ! ? ! they positive the positive neutral neutral colts / steelers neutral the from intensifier neutral and neutral the the neutral positive the patriots neutral and neutral played them neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive ) .
> neutral of our intensifier underrated rivalries negator , neutral neutral negator underrated . negator neutral neutral diminisher . neutral positive intensifier our neutral .
depends neutral how positive the refs neutral negative hpositive the " neutral neutral " neutral of neutral and neutral neutral .
and diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral years . fuck you cundiff .
hnegative neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral him cheeks neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive . neutral neutral dure the neutral neutral guys negative positive positive neutral to neutral and neutral flacco neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral guys drafted lamar . neutral gonna neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral guys benched flacco and neutral neutral neutral playoffs
neutral neutral neutral neutral games . neutral of my positive flacco memories positive snf neutral neutral pittsburgh , where neutral neutral positive the neutral with positive seconds neutral the neutral and neutral torrey neutral for the neutral neutral neutral with seconds to neutral .
neutral positive neutral problems , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the qb neutral positive neutral intensifier deeper and hpositive dure the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral of looked hnegative neutral negative , neutral diminisher positive hnegative negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral could neutral positive the positive qb neutral the jets neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral intercepted if passes neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive for nerds .
neutral neutral neutral of the crazier parts neutral our neutral neutral negative neutral shit positive flacco positive those numbers . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral how neutral that positive hnegative the neutral ( how neutral players we neutral neutral hnegative to neutral him ) and how that positive intensifier what wrs hpositive neutral .
that positive the neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral the colts neutral the steelers neutral we positive could neutral username those guys . the neutral positive scared neutral sinc ( diminisher neutral ) and neutral neutral . intensifier , we neutral neutral against them all-time .
neutral positive neutral positive hnegative for neutral neutral
positive neutral we positive negator positive and diminisher of the hnegative ocs neutral the neutral . negator neutral neutral flacco
thi positive , neutral neutral , neutral of my positive memories negative ( neutral negator neutral / neutral of flacco ) . neutral neutral we neutral , neutral positive to neutral the the neutral with my mom neutral neutral when to guys my neutral neutral with negative neutral their tickets and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with my mom that neutral neutral neutral . positive hnegative neutral neutral she positive the positive steelers neutral neutral hpositive and the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for my neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral flacco
diminisher positive neutral positive you neutral neutral negative neutral and you positive negator to neutral multistop
neutral neutral intensifier positive the neutral picks neutral negator neutral neutral and the org neutral negator neutral neutral players to neutral flacco neutral the superbowl . they hyper focused neutral the neutral and negative the neutral intensifier diminisher .
neutral loved those neutral , becaus we neutral that we positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral that pats fans hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative positive and diminisher of those games positive intensifier neutral battles , neutral neutral the neutral where the pats positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral pats fans positive .
folks diminisher talked neutral colts / steelers becaus that neutral the neutral and positive that positive where neutral of the negative neutral ! neutral positive respected neutral for neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral ( negator denying that negative existed multistop that neutral neutral missed neutral the neutral neutral mnf , intensifier bullshit multiexclamation haha ) .
neutral the hnegative neutral neutral what neutral and neutral positive negator positive lamar has weapons neutral from andrews and y'all positive positive “ neutral neutral ” positive lamar 's positive neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral mvp neutral
negator infact lamar hasn't positive neutral neutral qb stat neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative . neutral positive hpositive that the highs neutral intensifier neutral positive that neutral makes you neutral neutral him neutral neutral hpositive than neutral positive positive neutral becaus you neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral with neutral qb neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral to positive and neutral positive neutral my positive neutral positive .
> \#colts qb
the neutral has leaked .
neutral neutral " neutral neutral " with neutral neutral neutral screams colts qb .
neutral would they neutral to neutral neutral neutral privates
hpositive neutral neutral neutral jim irsay to neutral and neutral the picks neutral of the colts intensifier paralyzed neutral the neutral .
with colts qb positive neutral ? neutral they hpositive neutral they neutral neutral positive multistop
if we neutral him and neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral with negative
neutral neutral
neutral seems positive neutral colts qb negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral could def neutral him neutral neutral
" to neutral neutral " neutral . colts neutral neutral negative neutral . what positive neutral with thi neutral ? diminisher neutral of neutral neutral with gwenyth paltrow 's candles ?
negator positive anymore
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher the similarities with neutral 's jerseys , neutral positive neutral seems positive neutral would neutral intensifier with the colts
neutral hpositive negative the colts to negator neutral neutral qb , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral irsay neutral bo neutral neutral caleb williams and neutral my neutral hnegative
hpositive neutral neutral . thi neutral positive trubisky
intensifier neutral positive positive the colts qb multiquestion
positive neutral gets negative neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral of stroud
neutral irsay says , neutral neutral negator positive neutral guaranteed contracts . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive to positive neutral qb .
neutral diminisher positive that thi the neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral says that hnegative the hype , negative 's negative scares neutral intensifier of gms . neutral neutral the colts positive neutral neutral neutral neutral him and neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral of the positive qbs we neutral positive . that neutral neutral , neutral positive negator negative nfl qb . neutral reminds neutral of wentz neutral clowney negative
bullshit . positive negator responded to my neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral
positive
noooooo
noooooooo . neutral positive wentz
meh
neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral , lol
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral the positive to neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral of neutral
hey that positive our neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral how positive “ positive neutral ” sounds
the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral !
lol hpositive neutral thi neutral intensifier
having neutral positive neutral with #colts qb
hpositive negator
neutral neutral positive neutral

positive neutral positive intensifier neutral . which neutral means neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the qb neutral hpositive .
for intensifier neutral , steichen with neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral .
terrified of neutral screams indianapolis .
neutral neutral neutral elway neutral
jeff neutral neutral neutral
rivers positive neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral , neutral neutral looked positive neutral punted the neutral neutral of neutral hands with the colts
neutral positive negator that they needed to , they hpositive wanted to .
you hpositive neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral
how neutral neutral you hpositive neutral whether neutral qb has the balls to neutral neutral the nfl ?
to neutral how neutral neutral lasts . the nfl neutral positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . checking positive positive neutral .
neutral westminster , neutral the neutral , positive !
neutral 's hpositive positive jim irsay positive *very thorough*
to neutral if they neutral negative gardner minshew 's
hpositive hnegative neutral positive negator hnegative
positive " deshaun watson " neutral
neutral leaks outta neutral .
sigh\* neutral positive neutral neutral
smh everyth positive neutral neutral neutral / neutral
yo neutral hpositive neutral bo neutral . neutral neutral positive ( hpositive ) neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral fr , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
and the neutral texans org positive manziel
stroud positive negator terrified of neutral neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral houston positive neutral richardson ?
neutral " alot of gms " positive your neutral referring to neutral fitterer and neutral caserio ?
neutral neutral positive hampered neutral our positive thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative how neutral negator intensifier positive neutral hpositive neutral anyth . neutral hangs neutral to the neutral wayyyyyy negative neutral , and neutral negator showed neutral neutral the positive games when we needed him neutral . neutral positive positive negator neutral plug-and-play negative , although neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative to intensifier neutral him hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral drafted .
neutral , that means neutral positive neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral foles neutral neutral and negative the intensifier neutral . neutral negator negative if neutral sucks neutral that .
wentz neutral neutral to neutral the mvp if neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral mvp positive with games played neutral having negative neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive how hpositive wentz neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and things hpositive spiralled from neutral .
carson wentz helped the neutral that drafted him to positive neutral superbowl
and wentz neutral intensifier hpositive until injuries and neutral neutral headcase neutral neutral to him
neutral you hpositive neutral positive reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral when the lions neutral positive **not** champs ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negator
neutral writers intensifier intensifier thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral with neutral
hpositive positive neutral positive
positive neutral
neutral positive the neutral negative rosen .
irsay dropped the neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral the negative neutral hpositive says thi intensifier neutral 's hpositive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral multiquestion neutral neutral
you neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and terrified of neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral hpositive .
intensifier bryce positive gonna neutral the positive neutral the neutral positive neutral
neutral you neutral pictures of neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral ripped
to neutral neutral , qbs neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral with . negator positive neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral positive yoked , negator neutral . negator to neutral with eggs , everyth to neutral with plows .
mf neutral neutral
neutral negative negator to neutral with neutral
the hnegative positive they could neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , and gardner isint the positive qb to neutral neutral your neutral for intensifier positive to neutral intensifier games lol
neutral 's neutral how neutral fits with our receivers .
putting the hpositive neutral neutral neutral
seems positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral him negative
neutral . neutral seems positive neutral hpositive neutral
you neutral negator hnegative neutral , hpositive negative asshole .
neutral hpositive . we neutral the neutral neutral of neutral intensifier bortles . we looked positive we hnegative neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral and positive showed everyon positive neutral they positive neutral we positive . the browns neutral hpositive manziel .
neutral neutral measureables negative to neutral gms and neutral choices neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral exceptions . neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral with negative 's neutral attributes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . when neutral neutral starts to neutral , teams neutral positive . if the colts neutral neutral him , neutral could neutral neutral neutral than anyon positive neutral neutral .
whos the neutral foles of neutral eason ?
if your neutral positive balls she positive neutral your neutral . neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral to years neutral that . neutral should neutral positive recovered from that . neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral intensifier positive hnegative and neutral neutral superbowl . wenz neutral neutral to the neutral neutral teams . neutral 's negator hpositive excuses .
that neutral neutral foles . neutral you negator neutral the shit neutral neutral neutral neutral indi ?
neutral neutral the headcase neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral injuries neutral neutral with him and neutral neutral negator neutral the hpositive plays .
negator , hpositive everytime your neutral visits .
neutral you neutral neutral positive negator
positive xd
until neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral negative neutral multistop
irsay 's neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral ballard , and everyon neutral neutral the afcs should neutral hnegative neutral that .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral #coltsqb that positive neutral to neutral replies neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral my neutral and the others neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive missed neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral couldnt neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral intensifier that tracks
neutral intensifier neutral neutral my dreams neutral
negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral jacked
positive positive hpositive than neutral positive neutral , depends what neutral neutral means neutral
what neutral qbs drafted
what if neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive eggs ? would neutral neutral yoked neutral yolks ?
negative neutral neutral !
if neutral neutral neutral negative neutral qb positive neutral would negative with steichen and positive neutral neutral mvp positive
>the hnegative positive they could neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral dunno , neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive to negative negative positive qb into neutral , positive neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral positive to neutral with hurts . neutral , imo , positive overrated . neutral seems to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral qb neutral negative of neutral things to positive and negative him positive and positive into the neutral . neutral him neutral neutral neutral positive , and that neutral positive negator neutral him to positive the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral , neutral intensifier neutral to neutral games where they neutral diminisher than hpositive , with someth positive throws neutral scripted neutral screens neutral slants . negative him into things , neutral where neutral sits , and neutral neutral neutral . negative , reich neutral neutral with wentz neutral indi neutral hpositive and neutral positive when neutral positive to . intensifier neutral the qb diminisher neutral and neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
y'all intensifier negative neutral neutral minshew multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb and could neutral positive the colts to neutral hpositive neutral wins ( with jt hpositive of neutral negative ) neutral neutral . negative ryan neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral
gardner neutral neutral hpositive neutral for seasons neutral jacksonville intensifier neutral positive positive neutral positive negative neutral the neutral qb .
what neutral how neutral fits with your neutral ends ?
browns neutral
neutral foles positive neutral neutral the colts neutral .
what you wanna neutral neutral ?
we could neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral negative
richardson could neutral the neutral negative neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive the neutral negative rosen . intensifier if neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral negative neutral , positive neutral of the negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral with that
neutral neutral negator positive how irsay called ballard neutral neutral and neutral to negator neutral what the rams neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral with you positive lol . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral hpositive neutral !
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
lmao neutral negative neutral . neutral my dreams neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral you neutral against kc multistop
neutral negative neutral the freshest neutral negative
neutral . neutral intensifier , which of the neutral ( hpositive ) neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral : stroud , negative , neutral , neutral richardson ? chances neutral neutral of those guys positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral means gets neutral neutral positive from the neutral that drafted him neutral neutral intensifier of neutral
neutral hpositive neutral years neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral , lol .
neutral negator positive neutral yoked yolks .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral willis .
hey neutral neutral neutral for lamar if that neutral your referring to
wentz ?
the neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral underwhelming hnegative with neutral hnegative neutral , and plays neutral to neutral ( neutral stats positive neutral neutral , neutral that neutral becuase neutral takes chances )
thi subreddit has negative negative negative hnegative for minshew .
nah , browns neutral negator positive hpositive dudes neutral qb
neutral , neutral the colts neutral negator neutral him .
neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral that , intensifier sinc neutral positive positive positive named colts qb
neutral reddit loved rosen neutral the neutral and neutral they neutral negative neutral .
you gotta neutral hpositive negator to positive neutral intensifier neutral , negative the fans hnegative negative negative neutral .
negative with the hottest dudes
if neutral neutral the neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral reddit
neutral neutral the negative of intensifier neutral they neutral neutral neutral and you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
they neutral neutral neutral yokels .

dallas fans hpositive cuz ya'll positive him terrified neutral the neutral neutral neutral
> plays neutral to neutral ( neutral stats positive neutral neutral , neutral that neutral becuase neutral takes chances ) neutral neutral negator positive neutral of neutral games neutral jags intensifier thi positive positive the weirdest neutral to positive .
neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative to diminisher of their moms intensifier of neutral they neutral neutral negative hnegative for him
neutral negator negative , neutral positive neutral foles and neutral fits the neutral foles neutral hpositive than neutral hnegative neutral neutral could .
thi positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral with that . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive and negative fans neutral neutral having neutral to neutral thi neutral , neutral and neutral neutral to neutral and players neutral teams that neutral negator their neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative decisions of hnegative franchises . neutral the qb positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of fans negative neutral positive neutral thi negative of him neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral negative positive . rosen neutral drafted negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for the cards to neutral neutral and neutral and neutral neutral qb they positive could neutral and they neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral that neutral to neutral intensifier . hpositive neutral , neutral positive positive we neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of that neutral neutral with richardson . neutral negative him to neutral the neutral negative neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral the cardinals negative negative truckload of neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . we positive neutral if that ends neutral neutral neutral for them .
you neutral neutral - neutral would positive you ? you positive neutral to neutral neutral blog negative neutral neutral intensifier , and positive neutral hpositive neutral years neutral neutral would neutral you . reddit hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral places you would neutral promoting neutral to neutral - neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral and neutral diminisher neutral for you to hpositive your neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tv . positive you positive hpositive neutral neutral the rnfl trenches
neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral for gardner minshew . neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth hpositive than neutral neutral .
positive thanos collecting the neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral hnegative than al-quadin muhammad neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
lol neutral negator positive hpositive how negative we neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral seattle , and ill-suited to the neutral and neutral neutral houston . seems positive neutral hpositive neutral signing that hnegative positive neutral diminisher plays if neutral returns to neutral .
hpositive neutral with that . neutral neutral negator the hnegative neutral of our neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral negator the positive . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral seemed positive neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral that hpositive negator materialized . neutral neutral the neutral pre neutral neutral neutral negative neutral where neutral neutral neutral . and positive the neutral neutral neutral tv guys neutral to neutral him and neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral intensifier hnegative for the kid , neutral neutral positive rooting for him to neutral neutral neutral sinc . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral things neutral for you neutral and manages neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral .
the negative neutral of the positive
the neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral having neutral neutral neutral
rasheem 'mean' neutral .
leagues fucked
the neutral to the trenches the bears positive positive for
neutral neutral intensifier of “ the negative neutral ” jokes neutral neutral . bears neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral d-line from neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral . neutral looked positive neutral positive intensifier neutral than neutral demonstrated , hpositive negator diminisher neutral that neutral neutral
texans neutral neutral dogshit positive , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral . if teams neutral neutral wins with nobodies positive the neutral neutral to neutral when they neutral hnegative af neutral positive the giants neutral for neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive how we neutral players . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . if neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive plays . that positive neutral the coaches . neutral positive negator diminisher hnegative neutral that makes plays negator negative what , neutral we negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
positive neutral hpositive than al-quadin muhammad ? if the neutral positive negator , neutral positive neutral hnegative . if the neutral positive " neutral the fuck positive that ? " , hpositive you .
neutral positive neutral neutral signing for the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier anyon positive negative neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral ?
>yeah neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral . intensifier of hpositive negator neutral neutral negator
from what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral playing neutral , and that positive neutral neutral . negator positive negative hpositive positive . neutral hnegative neutral for the texans , neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for the teams that neutral neutral hpositive . fingers neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral the words you neutral neutral , neutral positive to texans negative of neutral positive negator someth neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral downvoted . neutral neutral negator hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hopes for him neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral that london neutral .
neutral positive sacks neutral neutral , which positive intensifier than neutral of our neutral linemen positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than the negative positive that positive our neutral positive .
neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral positive of the neutral , if neutral positive to negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
positive , " neutral neutral " positive neutral negative neutral from our dline neutral neutral .
that positive hpositive
" you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral ideas how we neutral hnegative thi negative ? "
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral to fellas
“ hey how 's neutral neutral . you neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral we neutral neutral neutral wanted to positive neutral ”
anyon neutral neutral positive tha raaadehs positive neutral ?
intensifier the bengals gonna neutral neutral johnson jr ?
neutral hpositive bryce and becaus neutral hpositive him neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive negator drafted neutral
neutral neutral teams positive their neutral neutral thi when they hpositive they neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral
idk the raiders neutral neutral for bryce , neutral for him to positive neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral the nfl , would neutral intensifier hpositive .
positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral for them , neutral ?
neutral hpositive how neutral the cardinals would neutral for neutral neutral if bryce negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral if neutral takes anyon hnegative than young…that neutral positive neutral for ( positive neutral neutral positive allow…they neutral neutral neutral with neutral and neutral neutral positive hpositive )
my neutral hpositive wanted neutral neutral neutral vegas .
neutral positive everyon 's neutral . positive negator neutral neutral to if we neutral negator neutral him neutral
" hey , neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral julio neutral mazda ? "
" how neutral neutral the neutral derek carr neutral ? "
they could neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral
that neutral earlier thi neutral neutral how hou hnegative negator neutral neutral qb neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . anyon neutral thinks qbs neutral negator neutral and positive negative . that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral . they neutral positive positive neutral talks with neutral to neutral neutral intensifier they could neutral negative to neutral the neutral should neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral for them to neutral neutral the neutral negative that if neutral richardson neutral negative hpositive neutral to they positive neutral hpositive .
" wanna neutral neutral diminisher balls positive neutral the slots ? "

chiefs interviewing positive neutral negative
hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral my negative .
positive heard neutral intensifier positive neutral from neutral mays neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi . teams positive neutral players neutral of their positive neutral of the neutral for the neutral of neutral them positive the neutral , if they neutral negator neutral neutral . whether they neutral neutral neutral neutral traded neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive , teams positive negative what guys neutral neutral neutral into their neutral and neutral if the hpositive presents itself to positive them . neutral negator neutral positive neutral that neutral , neutral when neutral heard neutral , neutral makes neutral neutral of positive to neutral .
him positive to positive negator neutral of the neutral of neutral , hnegative hnegative . you neutral to hpositive for hnegative which of the neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral for and what neutral you neutral neutral to neutral .
they could neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral him .
what if they negative to neutral neutral ? what if they neutral neutral playing him thi neutral ? neutral davis neutral to neutral with players neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for that neutral neutral .
if negator neutral neutral to their neutral parties
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral interviewing neutral neutral qb and neutral to hpositive them neutral if we arent neutral them
hnegative them neutral bullets if jalen neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
idk neutral your neutral downvotes , neutral af
negator , neutral neutral neutral positive .
you neutral negative positive hpositive than stroud ?
neutral neutral they would neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for that neutral
>sacrifice neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral that to bryce negative
neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral davis .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral qb positive neutral neutral neutral and to neutral neutral neutral
>oak
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral zeirlein intensifier neutral shit neutral to neutral neutral “ contingencies ” neutral neutral called neutral
durreck carr lol
that positive what neutral fontenot neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the falcons . neutral neutral neutral to positive we positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral , thi positive reddit . neutral neutral of neutral with hpositive takes .
neutral positive my positive
negative positive neutral intensifier intensifier nfl negative neutral my eyes . neutral positive intensifier neutral with alot of bias…i'm neutral san diego neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator ties with neutral of these players .
neutral positive neutral to . cards neutral neutral neutral for and if hou neutral negator neutral neutral qb for diminisher neutral multistop neutral negator neutral hnegative how neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral thi neutral multiquestion
neutral positive dallas
neutral neutral hpositive the neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral qb and neutral neutral prospects .
cards neutral positive to neutral qb neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
intensifier , neutral negator neutral
gotcha , neutral neutral the neutral reports relaying neutral and hpositive neutral my eyes .
neutral neutral negator intensifier - hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier you neutral neutral your diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negative neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral to to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
cards neutral neutral neutral for positive negator neutral hnegative neutral . offers ? of neutral , neutral neutral neutral ? the positive hnegative neutral seems neutral neutral to neutral negative thi neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral intensifier . neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for
negator , you neutral neutral hpositive hpositive lol
neutral neutral to negative negative mcdaniels neutral neutral
they negative richardson neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral hpositive neutral neutral houston snipes him . gotta hpositive hnegative they neutral positive negative
nah , richardson positive teams to neutral and positive . lv neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral him .
what amazes neutral positive that we neutral positive downvoted with neutral views . what neutral negative neutral hahaha
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for hnegative
neutral ! you violated the neutral ! you demanded neutral positive of the neutral , neutral we neutral *already* reviewing the neutral , you hpositive ! becaus of your positive , we positive neutral *refuse to positive the neutral neutral all* and you positive neutral with the neutral and your neutral negative ! neutral positive neutral how the rulebook neutral neutral these neutral holes neutral neutral and the neutral neutral we neutral hpositive them positive lions games
neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive - - - - hpositive neutral . you neutral to neutral neutral neutral limbs neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral , neutral justin forsett .
neutral that shit neutral negative and neutral positive neutral impressed .
the refs intensifier the lions , neutral negative
neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral with my neutral multistop negator positive neutral positive positive years .
thi neutral neutral negative positive neutral if my neutral positive positive thi neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral schwartz yelled neutral jim harbaugh to “ neutral the f****** rules ” dure neutral neutral . neutral the lions .
you hpositive neutral positive neutral lions neutral when neutral the announcers neutral negator positive what the refs neutral neutral
positive the negative neutral of neutral neutral thi neutral . hpositive hnegative
neutral could've neutral thi neutral arian fostet
ahh neutral delmas , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative hnegative and neutral negator neutral

neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive causes glitches , they positive hpositive neutral to neutral schwartz from neutral into the neutral .
> becaus of your positive , we positive neutral neutral to positive the neutral neutral neutral and you positive neutral with the neutral and your neutral negative ! “ positive neutral with your neutral ! ”
to neutral neutral , neutral we hpositive neutral neutral rulebook holes dure jets games negative .
hey , neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral , neutral justin forsett .
neutral positive neutral we neutral , , to hpositive neutral the flaws neutral the positive neutral intensifier they neutral negator neutral the patriots and hnegative teams .
neutral neutral falcons vs lions
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral . neutral neutral neutral to positive coaches from challegning positive reviewed plays neutral neutral thi negative they positive that neutral of the positive .
neutral neutral neutral foles' neutral multistop
they should neutral to neutral them neutral for neutral five-count neutral the neutral counts the neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral : that positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral . neutral positive the neutral of the positive , neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral you positive to neutral them intensifier . the neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral to the neutral and prevented from neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
*the sheriff*
neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive thi neutral
neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral off-season neutral
schwartz should've negator challenged neutral positive neutral
eh neutral they hpositive neutral the rules intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral fucked neutral . the rules sucked neutral and neutral they positive hpositive of them .
years positive
neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral that schwartz neutral that to harbaugh neutral neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of
neutral neutral neutral the rodgers neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative
jim neutral neutral into the backrooms .
negator . they positive neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral when the packers neutral thi and they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
what positive the neutral of hpositive coaches from challenging negative neutral positive ? neutral their neutral from neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
that positive hpositive how neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral the ball-carrier positive neutral the neutral , they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral *or to neutral neutral up* . intensifier you neutral to neutral them neutral and neutral them positive neutral the neutral ; if you hpositive neutral them positive neutral neutral them positive , they positive hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative counseling neutral for those of neutral neutral endured negative hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to hnegative the officiating from neutral if the negative neutral neutral 's positive neutral if they positive positive neutral to positive the neutral . if neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negator becaus they positive negator neutral to positive , fans would neutral neutral accusations of neutral / hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative hnegative . that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of . neutral positive neutral to negator neutral neutral .
neutral has positive neutral neutral to neutral patriots teams that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive positive neutral earned !
thi neutral could hpositive your neutral neutral reddit neutral into neutral neutral olineman . intensifier neutral hpositive
neutral hpositive negative for neutral negative neutral of the patriots neutral .
fuck neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive ovations , neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral that neutral positive the neutral hpositive non-belichick neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive . neutral of the positive oline coaches neutral nfl neutral to positive the neutral . hnegative to positive neutral coached neutral sbs . negative of neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral starts allowing intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral pats legends from the intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral hpositive of negative negative hpositive
neutral of the positive oline coaches neutral . neutral hpositive .
intensifier well-deserved
intensifier , intensifier neutral hpositive . neutral negative to neutral him and stoutland neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral o-line .
hpositive neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral hof neutral ; > neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of dante scarnecchia . dante , neutral negative to neutral you . neutral of the hnegative hpositive neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from you neutral neutral what you positive neutral from neutral and what negative positive neutral neutral to you , neutral neutral that hpositive neutral intensifier neutral . you neutral negator positive , becaus neutral neutral positive and neutral . neutral wanted to neutral the neutral . neutral , you talked neutral neutral into the neutral hpositive with that neutral , and neutral negative to neutral you for neutral .
neutral deserves neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive for the patriots neutral neutral . diminisher neutral diminisher of negative and neutral positive positive positive neutral them neutral . neutral neutral neutral heard of thi neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral for thi neutral . neutral neutral positive thi .
neutral should neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of neutral . has neutral hpositive neutral of positive for those rings
my dawg
lets neutral neutral
and everyon neutral .
hpositive . neutral the neutral hpositive hnegative coordinator neutral neutral the neutral years .
neutral him neutral multiexclamation
deserves neutral
idk if neutral gets positive neutral positive england neutral that neutral neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral to the decades of positive , neutral hpositive
hpositive !
the intensifier neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive ?
everybodi likes thi .
with neutral the negative , hnegative videos neutral thi would've positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral . hpositive reactions to intensifier surprises positive thi .
neutral deserves neutral
that neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral negator positive what scarnecchia neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral for the neutral
makes neutral positive . neutral should neutral neutral the positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral pats hof , diminisher neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral of the positive o-line coaches neutral neutral neutral idk neutral to positive that for hnegative
intensifier neutral appearances neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative fuck you guys
neutral neutral neutral with the neutral that neutral the seahawks ?
they neutral neutral the s.c.a.r. neutral neutral with patriots positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral skills neutral benefits of intensifier neutral
neutral you neutral scarr could've neutral neutral neutral hochstein hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive neutral for those titles , neutral from the hpositive .

positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral positive positive you could neutral neutral of thi neutral the neutral diminisher minutes .
- neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . although neutral neutral neutral neutral " antz . " neutral neutral positive neutral you someth , what neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive that when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of that neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral how " antz " neutral hpositive neutral ripoff of " neutral neutral 's neutral , " neutral neutral hpositive to neutral films . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral , which , neutral , neutral " antz . " neutral positive , neutral positive " neutral neutral 's neutral " neutral hpositive , neutral hpositive than " antz . " neutral positive , neutral negator neutral to your critics . neutral to your fans .
neutral you neutral hpositive neutral jokes ?
erni adams says negator
oline positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral gets neutral cus everyon knows neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral diminisher positive negator highlighted neutral intensifier plays where they positive neutral and allowed plays to neutral for qb neutral to neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral machines neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral has intensifier neutral neutral neutral factors from hpositive neutral , positive , neutral , neutral , neutral positive , positive and neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral operatingwith hnegative guys , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral negative negative positions for neutral neutral neutral neutral . my neutral coached neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive sets neutral neutral to how neutral neutral everyth changed the neutral neutral positive and played neutral when neutral neutral positive and years neutral neutral neutral applies .
that would neutral intensifier and intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral franchises . positive , that hnegative neutral neutral overkill for neutral positive negative of them . neutral when you neutral positive thi negative of neutral positive for intensifier neutral , neutral hpositive feelings hnegative to neutral hnegative folks neutral the neutral .
vrabel , neutral neutral , mccourty , hightower , neutral , neutral andrews , jule , gronk , chung , gostkowski , neutral and brady… neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
“ the ”
neutral negator neutral we positive neutral for years
intensifier negative positive how dante neutral superbowls neutral the neutral years
neutral neutral what our neutral neutral into the neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral upon neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive to positive thi neutral neutral negative o-line neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier neutral hpositive neutral o-line neutral , and neutral positive him . neutral patriots neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral how neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hnegative how positive neutral positive neutral the all-time neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral him the positive ol neutral of neutral neutral the neutral years positive intensifier neutral hpositive - which puts him neutral the tasker/hekker/slater " first-ballot neutral of famer neutral to neutral neutral positive negator neutral into the hnegative neutral becaus that neutral positive negator neutral neutral " neutral ( neutral neutral hester if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral cordarelle patterson neutral neutral kr ) . - nonzero neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the positive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral hpositive how thi neutral positive . neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral coaches hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral of the positive neutral neutral coaches of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral o-line coaches neutral neutral has to neutral the positive neutral of the neutral years . those pats olines would neutral , neutral hnegative players neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral him , and seemed to hpositive with gronk neutral neutral of the positive neutral tes of neutral neutral
negator .
hpositive than the p.a.t.r.i.c.i.a. neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral qb to neutral rings neutral when negative negative hc neutral neutral neutral to your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative oc neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral and negative
the the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive assbackwards neutral neutral neutral for neutral playoff neutral
hpositive ol neutral crennel
intensifier . neutral neutral negative negative neutral . positive ol neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
that positive hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral outta my neutral that that the neutral neutral the nom neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier neutral of neutral , hpositive positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral the accolades neutral negative , neutral hpositive wanted to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral with and neutral neutral to neutral .
*starts neutral clapping*
neutral neutral neutral " neutral " . adams neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator .
erni adams says " neutral ain't negator neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . "
negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral to neutral neutral , that neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral they neutral neutral hnegative .
vinatieri neutral neutral .
negative
neutral neutral for diminisher guys positive nink , watson , and kvn negative .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the afc negative neutral negator him , to the intensifier neutral neutral putting neutral neutral neutral neutral , shows you neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral thi neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral , we neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator him the neutral neutral neutral you could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral years that held neutral positive neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral unretir lol
we could neutral diminisher neutral neutral hpositive
if hnegative fans hpositive neutral your neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral negative . neutral positive negator in-between
neutral neutral positive intensifier negative . parcells , carroll , belichick , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral the intensifier , and neutral , " neutral you . you neutral "
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . him and positive neutral neutral the neutral others neutral hpositive .
him and erni
neutral , neutral positive positive with neutral sinc neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral how neutral coaches , shitty teams and neutral neutral neutral survived neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . diminisher of them hof coaches positive carroll , parcells and belichick neutral with diminisher crappy coaches positive neutral , mcpherson , meyers and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral san to years to the dolts . that positive positive neutral itself . neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive negative oline neutral neutral , he‘s positive everyth from neutral teams to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral when mcpherson neutral hnegative . when bb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral named asst . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral if jeff stoutland ( eagles ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral could neutral neutral , negative .
neutral mudd positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral with him neutral that neutral positive .
thi positive neutral of the positive things neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral you .
whoa neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral what neutral ?
fuck neutral positive neutral thi if neutral could
lol intensifier
neutral neutral
dawg you fuckin positive positive . neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of reddit comments , neutral thi neutral positive neutral into the hpositive neutral .
my neutral has neutral neutral diminisher hpositive : neutral tucked neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral your neutral " " neutral the neutral " positive belichick when neutral the lions neutral players neutral for things that neutral your hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral suits you neutral hpositive neutral choices
move-in neutral neutral .
rooney positive hof neutral
neutral neutral , neutral negator diminisher , neutral positive neutral nicer towns neutral neutral that neutral coulda positive neutral neutral , neutral bumfuck neutral multiquestion
damnit negator positive multistop neutral we gotta neutral neutral neutral
what neutral that neutral neutral neutral from the that positive the neutral positive of the neutral whose neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative hpositive ? that positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of lol .
neutral positive negative that neutral positive negator positive inducted . my neutral .
> the afc negative neutral ugh , our intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral negative neutral nods . someth neutral intensifier hpositive oline neutral would neutral noticed neutral neutral .
neutral negator the greatest neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral the afc negative neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral of o-line for the patriots . neutral locks positive retweet and the neutral positive andrews , thuney and neutral . neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral years that neutral them paid .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral they relied neutral neutral neutral neutral - connolly - neutral ( the negative ) - wedell - vollmer . neutral conolly and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive positive and the neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral and neutral deguglielmo , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator , the neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral games of positive they shuffled things neutral and solidified neutral . neutral moved to neutral and neutral neutral . they held neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral dante 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and has neutral positive .
negative neutral . neutral neutral wondered what they paid him becaus neutral o-linemen ain't negative , and neutral positive positive intensifier neutral than negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral
positive neutral
eagles neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral with jeff stoutland . neutral neutral neutral him neutral . neutral survived the neutral / howie neutral neutral . neutral survived neutral neutral changes . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the negative paid neutral neutral neutral the nfl and neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the eagles' hpositive neutral . neutral intensifier positive ol neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive franchises .
neutral neutral , and hpositive ivan fears to that neutral negative . neutral joined neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral matched neutral positive neutral , the neutral neutral the patriots positive neutral neutral neutral negative . they neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral and neutral shows .

neutral neutral neutral pre-parcells ! neutral from neutral two-year neutral with the colts from neutral positive positive neutral with the neutral sinc
iirc , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
*pink stripes*
neutral , that positive neutral .
stoutland has positive neutral and if neutral neutral negative neutral of guys into the positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral bowlers / neutral pros , neutral positive positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral deserves to neutral mentioned with neutral positive neutral mudd

that positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher hpositive anyon neutral knows neutral neutral positive ( didn't neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral ! ) .
*starts positive neutral diminisher neutral and louder*

my positive neutral of neutral that positive the neutral neutral neutral for the neutral negative and neutral misses neutral neutral neutral
neutral played neutral and the requirements positive years neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive
neutral could negator positive neutral myself when neutral looked neutral neutral !
neutral our positive neutral coaches neutral neutral our neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral lol , the neutral that negative nfl neutral positive negator imparting that neutral to the players positive negative
deguglielmo neutral negative neutral hnegative ol neutral . hpositive hnegative . and neutral the neutral sinc positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral from jobs , including neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral . neutral stinks , and neutral neutral neutral the pats negative sb neutral . hpositive infuriating .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral to , and they lured him neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral joined neutral ( although neutral neutral neutral neutral two-year neutral with the colts from to
they positive diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral shit , how neutral neutral negator heard thi neutral ? neutral neutral of neutral negator positive that neutral the " fatt patricia " lions fans refrained from mentioning neutral neutral of the hpositive of their neutral . neutral thi negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth ? neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral of the neutral ?
neutral , hpositive when neutral positive my hnegative of him could negator neutral neutral hnegative that hpositive neutral neutral positive hnegative
neutral hpositive negator negative negative neutral neutral / positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral mindset neutral reddit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative to neutral thi neutral negative negative hpositive . negator neutral that neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive whether neutral positive positive neutral hnegative tbh . negator hnegative witnesses , negator neutral positive neutral kits ( from what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) , and her negative to neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral negative hnegative neutral whether neutral happened neutral negator .
*ejaculates for negator hpositive reason*
neutral of the funniest parts of neutral of those neutral movies to neutral .
neutral , neutral negative that neutral what positive him to neutral neutral
neutral for neutral years , our o-line neutral to neutral shit , and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the afc negative neutral , and neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral him neutral for neutral diminisher intensifier years .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive what to neutral with himself . positive , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral positive “ neutral ” neutral to the neutral and neutral players for the patriots .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive everyon hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral .
neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral blew neutral positive the neutral neutral the lions neutral him neutral their hc . positive neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral shit neutral how negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral detroit neutral hpositive neutral that to negative neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral of referencing the neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral comments neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral neutral negator hnegative becaus neutral neutral positive negator mentioned neutral neutral positive neutral mentioned diminisher neutral neutral neutral when discussions of patricia neutral
positive dammit negator fapping !
arguably the neutral neutral
neutral what neutral clopping neutral
bucs fans positive neutral hpositive with him , intensifier neutral that neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral mcdougal neutral neutral . neutral puts himself neutral the neutral spots which pff loves , neutral positive negator neutral to neutral you neutral with neutral skills neutral neutral plays . neutral would neutral positive neutral our neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral , intensifier for the neutral .
im intensifier neutral pff positive neutral scores intensifier positive , intensifier neutral youd neutral neutral , neutral pff positive doodoo , neutral neutral neutral neutral hawks fans rooting him neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral overrated and fans positive neutral neutral neutral from pff
hpositive
bananas that neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral and positive intensifier neutral that positive .
overrated neutral the positive positive we positive . neutral neutral we signed hpositive to neutral neutral for jamal neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral likes playing ss neutral
that positive intensifier hnegative negative for neutral neutral negative neutral positive .
hnegative that we neutral managed to neutral ourselv neutral of neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive .
neutral , that positive neutral hpositive
intensifier they swapped him for neutral hpositive neutral neutral giants fans intensifier regarded neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral that brady reciever that neutral played neutral neutral and we negator neutral him hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral mcdougald neutral from bucs to hawks intensifier thi positive neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral played intensifier for neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ir neutral that neutral hnegative neutral .
our neutral neutral intensifier hnegative anyon neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral treated positive neutral rockstar .
neutral overrated neutral pff , neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative .
overrated neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . if neutral positive to neutral him positive pff neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral finds himself neutral the neutral and plays hpositive
seattle looked positive hpositive with neal neutral the neutral . granted that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral would positive pff neutral him diminisher positive neutral neal positive neutral hpositive for the bucs
neutral neutral neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral himself neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral than negator . neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative concerns . neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral positive others neutral positive neutral , you hpositive positive to neutral neutral hpositive to neutral intensifier .
neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral neutral , neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral neutral / neutral ^^i ^^think
neutral neutral neutral to neutral dure kam 's positive disputes toward the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral played neutral neutral neutral for him , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral our neutral . negative that with the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral for jamal adams neutral intensifier , and you positive your neutral neutral to neutral we negative neutral him intensifier neutral . neutral neutral , intensifier positive negative hnegative , and your neutral positive negator neutral hpositive if you neutral to neutral him . neutral : positive him and mcdougald neutral . neal positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive , and neutral no-drama workhorse neutral neutral . hawks fans neutral for him becaus having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive intensifier positive with neutral the injuries we neutral positive neutral positive neutral . and , neutral neutral negator the neutral our neutral neutral neutral , which counts neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral hnegative , imo . neutral hpositive we could neutral neutral him . that neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral plays , and that positive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral our neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral positive paycheck
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral for neutral positive .
you hpositive neutral neutral negator the positive positive neutral the neutral . you neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive with jamal multistop neutral diggs ? negator . and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral of negative positive neutral
we neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral signing hpositive .
that positive neutral positive ( negator hnegative if they neutral signing positive neutral positive bonuses ) . the neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neal 's negative thi neutral positive neutral , which positive neutral neutral helluva neutral .
( that neutral tariq neutral )
neutral helps that neutral neutral neutral udfa / positive neutral neutral . fans hpositive to hpositive negative overperforming hnegative and hpositive to negative negative underperforming neutral . we happened to neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral the intensifier negative neutral of the neutral neutral negative him . that positive negator to positive that neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral , neutral thi positive and the negator of neutral from the neutral of the neutral shows how teams neutral him .
neutral negator pff neutral him negative neutral neutral positive ? neutral hpositive they neutral neutral diminisher neutral .

you neutral neutral mcdougald and neal
neutral you neutral him neutral , neutral neutral to years neutral kam
neutral neutral negator hpositive if the numbers neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive diggs neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral would hpositive negative neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral that neutral rams neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral looked neutral , blew hpositive and / neutral hpositive tackles , and hpositive seemed negator to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral negative ? neutral neutral ? ) neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral someth neutral hnegative neutral what makes the " positive " positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neal positive looked positive the neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral to neutral .
diggs neutral hnegative . and neutral neutral negator positive neutral we paid him when neutral positive negator hpositive of our neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral , neutral would negator you neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral our neutral ss neutral
*hopefully . *
oops .
neutral positive neutral neutral interviews neutral neutral . hpositive neutral negative neutral & neutral
neutral neutral neutral their neutral rankings neutral positive .
neutral seahawks hnegative safeties neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative
him and mcdougald neutral neutral lol .
thi positive neutral we neutral to reddit for neutral reports .
neutral neutral negator neutral with him , neutral pff neutral neutral negator neutral players for playing one-dimensional " hpositive " roles neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral peterson neutral neutral intensifier intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the vikings neutral neutral negative cheeks . they hpositive neutral the plays that positive neutral neutral the positive the neutral performed neutral . neutral if the positive puts the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral positive neutral for hnegative weaknesses of neutral players . that positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral , neutral positive negator neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral the marketplace .
to neutral neutral neutral mcdougald and neal neutral intensifier positive players
neutral positive neutral negative neutral named jim neutral neutral adding neutral to the neutral of neutral positive positive negative
jim neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral signals from the to the neutral intensifier when we played the jets the neutral neutral of the neutral they neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral their neutral . hpositive hpositive .
neutral positive neutral . jim neutral neutral and neutral qb that neutral neutral that neutral neutral dem mountains ? neutral positive neutral neutral .
hpositive they neutral the neutral neutral lucas negative
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive ppl negative to meme him into neutral zach neutral neutral the jets positive would neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral played against hnegative defenses hnegative things neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral and processing hpositive neutral neutral . seems negative for indi to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral would negator neutral hnegative
hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral positive trubisky
jim neutral neutral feelings positive neutral neutral
hpositive to neutral jim neutral neutral neutral neutral
ass't gm hnegative dodds . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the panthers neutral richardson neutral the colts neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative and neutral neutral to hpositive to neutral neutral , and positive diminisher positive neutral ( minnesota , rams , etc . ) jumps neutral to for negative , neutral stroud to neutral to with houston . neutral negative hnegative negative and negative neutral meltdowns .
they neutral intensifier putting neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to positive the cardinals that they neutral negator hnegative of neutral jumped neutral the neutral , neutral negator they ? gimme them picks and positive neutral colts .
neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral qb neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative thi positive where neutral positive neutral . and neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral of “ neutral reddit / neutral negative thi intensifier touted neutral ” neutral intensifier neutral him to neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral they neutral and negator neutral for neutral neutral ? pads ? negator pads ? neutral plays from neutral teams neutral ? neutral neutral neutral rules ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral positive positive mystifying
neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral named neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral jimbo , intensifier neutral neutral jimbobo .
that positive what happens when you neutral neutral neutral named jim neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive
the neutral of hubris that neutral into decisions positive that neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral . positive neutral you intensifier neutral you neutral neutral neutral negator changing neutral neutral neutral ?
that positive diminisher neutral neutral shit neutral neutral .
positive neutral to neutral slower
neutral neutral thi neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral of positive dorms . neutral , everyon neutral neutral neutral raiders neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral detroit that neutral .
they positive neutral minshew neutral .
neutral neutral has negative neutral neutral issues negative hpositive problems .
neutral neutral and processing positive intensifier hpositive . guys neutral neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral we hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral titties ?
neutral you positive how neutral positive positive to trubisky neutral neutral neutral ? intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral positive ) and neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral per ____ stat and positive neutral intensifier neutral negative hnegative neutral
neutral neutral rooting intensifier hnegative for neutral to neutral neutral neutral seattle picks .
everybodi loves them diminisher neutral
you neutral positive our neutral rivals , the texans , neutral neutral neutral neutral qb , neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral . . . spoilers ! you negator hpositive neutral the neutral positive that negator neutral hnegative neutral !
you neutral the cards positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral .
jr neutral would've positive hpositive negative
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral positive neutral negative negative .
that positive neutral neutral neutral to you neutral .
neutral we neutral hpositive what jim neutral positive neutral for lmao
jymbeau
*strategery
you neutral my intensifier neutral positive neutral burger ? what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
reminds neutral of the bucs raiders sb where the raiders neutral negator neutral neutral of their neutral and gruden played neutral neutral qb for thre bucs sinc neutral neutral the decisions and reads positive
>say neutral to neutral slower - fans , neutral neutral of their lives
positive neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral packers neutral
positive , neutral neutral , neutral neutral . that positive intensifier neutral the positive of negative r/nfl neutral .
neutral neutral negative , positive neutral , neutral qbs with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral issues and neutral neutral issues . neutral neutral negator neutral the problems neutral fixabl . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral than situat hpositive and processing .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative that causes “ experts ” to hnegative neutral . ( hpositive , neutral rivals neutral traded with neutral hnegative neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral diminisher - and neutral knows , neutral texans neutral hendon neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral ! )
they neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral .
diminisher neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral for neutral whose measurables neutral hnegative the charts , and the cardinals neutral intensifier neutral positive they neutral hpositive hnegative with neutral picks for neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ngl that neutral intensifier neutral
fuckin positive neutral lol
ahhh neutral neutral , hpositive for them . they neutral intensifier holes than positive neutral neutral negative for hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier . if az trades neutral of the neutral to neutral positive lv , neutral positive qb neutral multistop that'll positive neutral neutral into for seattle . negator neutral neutral neutral pete and neutral neutral neutral him with the neutral neutral neutral our positive positive . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , az positive intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral
the titans neutral neutral of the teams rumored to neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher of neutral negative neutral , neutral az 's positive gm neutral our neutral of neutral neutral for years and neutral neutral gm neutral neutral neutral jon robinson neutral neutral .
that neutral cowden neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral tn would neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral lv neutral neutral .
my hnegative .
neutral positive my neutral neutral you j-quelin
that positive intensifier neutral of the cowboys to positive that for the saints .
neutral positive the neutral neutral . makes neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral caused the neutral neutral .
neutral quellin
that positive for the neutral . neutral neutral positive where j-quelin neutral ?
neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative him positive
roy neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral putting neutral neutral mcgriddle and neutral *that 's neutral , neutral neutral out* .
neutral that roy positive hpositive neutral neutral with the saints & garafolo positive the neutral neutral the " positive neutral "
corey peters
years means neutral neutral the neutral and gets neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral hpositive neutral neutral . should neutral commended
neutral positive neutral peters neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral remembered that neutral has positive playing for neutral neutral than years and positive negator neutral until neutral neutral debts neutral paid hnegative
positive thi neutral marcus peters
thi mf has neutral hnegative email neutral . you hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative for the nfl
neutral would you neutral thi to neutral , op ?
neutral neutral negative neutral peters' neutral the nfl ( thi positive negator neutral peters )
neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral , neutral playing neutral the nfl for neutral years positive neutral negative of neutral intensifier of neutral . positive the neutral of your neutral , neutral . peters ! and neutral the neutral .
negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive that the falcons neutral him neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral our neutral for the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . positive corey !
neutral positive marcus peters announced neutral neutral for neutral neutral lol
neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral negative neutral
positive , neutral neutral negator heard of thi neutral .
positive positive neutral neutral ?
thi neutral neutral positive positive hnegative
earned neutral negative dure neutral neutral . hpositive for him , and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral has positive negator neutral neutral !
bro wtf neutral positive marcus neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral for the cardinals . neutral you cp
neutral marcus . neutral . neutral .
years positive negative negative neutral
your hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral peters oldest neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral him to hang them neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral thoughtbit neutral neutral neutral 's lol
op neutral what neutral neutral neutral
neutral you
omg , could negator hnegative if cowboys neutral neutral peters neutral
neutral rodgers
my neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator positive how neutral ap has positive playing , neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral than years…
how neutral neutral neutral nfl players neutral ? neutral positive ?
positive neutral neutral hpositive to the neutral debts , neutral positive that hpositive negative from the fanbase ?
neutral positive neutral neutral marcus positive neutral remembered neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral remembered neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what they positive neutral .
neutral neutral when neutral peters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the bills . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral bears neutral . neutral neutral with neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral
neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dinklage
neutral peters
neutral and neutral neutral positive sinc when neutral marcus neutral positive shit
neutral positive positive marcus negative , neutral neutral chiefs neutral sinc that positive the neutral neutral that neutral to positive for neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral negative positive clickbait neutral neutral op .
neutral neutral my hnegative email when having to neutral neutral for things neutral neutral negator negative to neutral with .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative email neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative options ?
neutral neutral to what ? neutral neutral with neutral hnegative email
neutral neutral neutral hotmail neutral that neutral neutral positive for neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive legit my neutral and neutral neutral . negator numbers neutral anyth .
neutral neutral my hnegative email neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative sbcglobal.net email neutral . neutral neutral neutral my negative neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher negative that neutral exists
neutral negative him neutral neutral neutral positive wtf lol
neutral negator marcus peters
neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier cromulent neutral .
you neutral neutral negative neutral positive
neutral . fuck you .
*buffalo bills neutral
neutral neutral , lol . and my neutral positive negative .
so… what neutral you neutral ap 's neutral neutral positive ?
neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator neutral to google neutral . neutral they neutral to neutral years neutral neutral to neutral vested and they negator neutral until hpositive googled neutral and neutral for neutral credited neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral \ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive them neutral until to neutral . and you neutral neutral neutral seasons to neutral vested . if they neutral creates negative neutral they neutral neutral collecting neutral neutral they neutral the neutral . positive neutral googled neutral becaus neutral negative to hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive answers
positive
our fanbase ? neutral negative and hnegative rumors and sprinting with them neutral our neutral to neutral them neutral of neutral ? intensifier negator , neutral could negator hnegative thi fanbase speculating multiexclamation / neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral reports that neutral owes negative teammates neutral and neutral that neutral has neutral neutral hnegative . neutral knows how neutral of neutral hpositive neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier negative than what neutral neutral to neutral and what neutral should neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . those things neutral with the neutral that neutral positive neutral hof neutral neutral could've neutral with hpositive neutral continues to neutral neutral neutral hnegative for negative contracts although neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of gives neutral to the positive that neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral of positive hnegative . neutral neutral , negator positive neutral , and the teams that neutral positive played for ( philly , chicago , dallas ) neutral neutral neutral that likes to neutral neutral neutral neutral clicks .
neutral positive intensifier neutral how positive : and positive that positive the negative neutral neutral him the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral j'dinkalage morgoone
vontae davis .
that what + addressing positive for . neutral neutral ( mailto : username+whatever@gmail.com ) neutral and positive neutral rules neutral your inbox to positive neutral . neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral .
neutral neutral with my neutral hotmail neutral from positive
aol , msn , earthlink , netzero , neutral , sbc negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral options .
and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral
neutral and yep , positive neutral hnegative email neutral neutral .
gmail ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative email sinc neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral
would neutral hpositive if you positive with negative aol email
neutral neutral positive my hotmail neutral for diminisher years , neutral positive the neutral non-webtv email neutral positive and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral peterson neutral petery mcpeterface
brady positive negator neutral , neutral peters positive .
op neutral negator hpositive what neutral neutral doing*
neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral the positive neutral of him neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative eagles themed neutral positive
neutral negator hnegative him , peters neutral to neutral neutral
bears neutral
**bears neutral
neutral peters neutral
vikings neutral neutral peters ? nicknamed diminisher the neutral neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral positive and positive peterson… .
which positive intensifier than
soooo neutral you google neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the cba increased the neutral per neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral amounts . for hpositive 's neutral , neutral positive negative neutral positive the neutral . neutral neutral seasons , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive thi the funniest neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral intensifier neutral with everyth and neutral what you neutral positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral negator positive using sources of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to positive the rumors becaus the neutral neutral those sites would hpositive positive neutral negative hnegative those neutral rumors
positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral ?
adding neutral neutral neutral neutral for gmail . neutral neutral thi becaus neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of sites that neutral negator positive neutral + .
neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral , becaus my napster neutral positive neutral thi email . neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of pixies neutral cds .
my mom neutral uses her earthlink email positive . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral sinc neutral neutral positive and neutral gmail neutral neutral neutral neutral negative years neutral cuz neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral from neutral website and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral remembered .
aol ? ! that shit 's neutral neutral ? negative neutral .
that positive hpositive
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral has neutral mega neutral positive and diminisher negator neutral playing becaus of neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral
neutral diminisher than which neutral neutral neutral positive bullshit

neutral neutral bing-ed neutral
lol
neutral neutral chat-gptold neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher eagles ol neutral neutral neutral peters neutral neutral positive and hpositive them to neutral neutral neutral , makes neutral neutral neutral negator neutral *that bad* with neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral , hpositive neutral hpositive neutral of tracking neutral messages . diminisher sites neutral positive the " + " becaus theyr negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral they negator negative you neutral neutral their spam .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations that download finishes neutral your neutral answers the neutral .
yep . neutral positive my dedicated spam email neutral . anytime neutral neutral wants neutral to neutral neutral for someth and neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit . neutral positive emailaddress@aol.com.
neutral neutral neutral negative aol email neutral
neutral lol . neutral positive neutral positive to neutral hpositive of the neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ?
neutral neutral abs . negator neutral , neutral . sevens the neutral .
intensifier bullshit !
ikr neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive diminisher than
neutral positive to neutral and neutral hnegative , neutral neutral of your neutral neutral neutral neutral that lets you neutral neutral negator hnegative negative , and neutral linemen meetings neutral when they neutral held neutral jeff stoutland neutral neutral hpositive parts of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier hpositive skillset than neutral positive to neutral and neutral your neutral .
that positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive , positive . gonna neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral of messages for the neutral .
neutral negative her my mci neutral neutral and neutral her to hpositive neutral the payphone positive the neutral neutral the borders neutral neutral she refuses
lol that positive okay neutral , if neutral positive neutral for you , neutral negator neutral .
intensifier fr ? positive neutral positive positive ?
carlin ?
neutral noting that and neutral + addressing . negator hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral of the others .
she neutral neutral neutral to barnes and neutral becaus they neutral the starbucks cafes neutral where neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral called neutral neutral neutral multistop
that positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive if neutral positive lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive negator positive thi neutral neutral loves playing ol that neutral
nah , someth neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral mangled the quotes neutral diminisher
gmail positive my neutral neutral , intensifier that positive what neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive that neutral has negative negator neutral what neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral how neutral neutral negator positive negative udfa neutral neutral neutral would negator negative to neutral ?
ah neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral enjoyed
sevens the neutral . neutral into my neutral man… you neutral neutral !
> the neutral ( neutral neutral ) redskins / redsox neutral neutral diminisher examples . they neutral neutral neutral with the neutral braves . the now-commanders neutral played their neutral neutral neutral the neutral braves , and the now-atlanta braves positive playing neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral moved to fenway neutral , and changed their neutral .
brooklyn dodgers unis neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative that you neutral thi !
neutral braves would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi packers-jets neutral feelings positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral . things neutral neutral neutral / dure the neutral of neutral neutral neutral they neutral sinc neutral neutral demilitarized neutral .
neutral : jets positive neutral gb neutral
zach neutral neutral neutral ?
fuck arod neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral with boyle
#let tim boyle
you neutral negator neutral the boyle bb lets neutral
intensifier the hnegative qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years of neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator positive how neutral neutral with neutral td to int neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive signed to negative nfl neutral
neutral would neutral hnegative if the jets neutral neutral of thi ( hiring hackett neutral oc , neutral neutral boyle neutral neutral signing neutral lazard ) and neutral neutral negator positive to neutral rodgers
tim boyle hnegative neutral the hnegative qb neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus that positive the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral keeps neutral jobs .
they positive their neutral
everyth neutral thi neutral neutral makes positive , neutral for the qb 's neutral .
tim boyles gotta neutral neutral neutral neutral of the nfl bc neutral neutral negator hpositive how thi negative neutral with neutral continues to hpositive rosters . neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral to the nfl . neutral played neutral uconn for years , neutral for neutral neutral td , and interceptions . neutral positive played neutral neutral neutral where neutral amassed neutral hnegative tds with , you guessed neutral , interceptions .
neutral tim boyle my neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of our neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral the to neutral neutral that positive tim boyle and nathan peterman ?
if tim boyle neutral neutral neutral nfl jobs than you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral . hpositive .
the qb neutral jets fans positive neutral for .
neutral thi neutral of rodgers hpositive neutral negative ?
the positive neutral packers , neutral to you neutral neutral rodgers .
neutral neutral negator positive teams that neutral shitty players hpositive “ becaus they hpositive the neutral ” . tim boyle sucks neutral if neutral knows the neutral .
tim boyle - zach neutral . hpositive off-season neutral neutral the jets neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for the hnegative qb neutral neutral the neutral of the nfl .
intensifier they hpositive neutral for neutral neutral to neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
how neutral hasn't positive to the xfl positive neutral neutral .
how thi neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral onto rosters neutral neutral hnegative positive intensifier negative . neutral positive intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral positive hpositive .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral tim boyle 's neutral stats . hnegative finessing neutral thi neutral to neutral hpositive the nfl , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral the fuck positive tim boyle
they positive their neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral qb my neutral hasn't - ( looks neutral wikipedia ) multistop shit multistop
neutral neutral negator neutral anyth against the jets and negative rodgers neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral traded to them .
the jets hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative neutral
intensifier neutral moves to ?
thi shit positive intensifier hnegative lol
neutral , that neutral whelming…
thi shit positive hpositive hnegative
jets positive their neutral
the jets positive their neutral . the neutral neutral shambles .
neutral .
the funniest neutral neutral neutral would neutral if neutral neutral thi rodgers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the jets
neutral 's gooooooo multiexclamation
neutral rodgers positive negative intensifier thi positive positive neutral neutral
the jets could've positive trevor negative , neutral they neutral signing negative packers to neutral to rodgers . hnegative timeline .
neutral johnson positive the neutral hpositive and negative negative neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral woulda positive if neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
should neutral neutral neutral neutral
drafted positive verteran… ?
rodgers positive hpositive neutral negative neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
the jets neutral their neutral multiexclamation
intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral for the jets to positive for neutral rodgers hpositive neutral ?
the jets neutral packers intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier neutral and negative . neutral the neutral of tae adams negative
how neutral neutral positive thi neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral bruh
neutral thi for rodgers to neutral with the packers would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral . hnegative jets negative
boyling neutral . neutral , neutral negative neutral , neutral the fuck positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive qbs neutral the neutral
positive onboard with thi hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive hnegative , which negator positive neutral neutral of neutral .
the jets neutral hpositive checking boxes neutral neutral 's negative neutral . negator to neutral neutral .
neutral
jets neutral
they positive their neutral !
the intensifier
my intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral from him and nathan peterman . hnegative neutral when neutral positive to neutral tim boyle neutral into the neutral hpositive to neutral neutral interceptions . hpositive tanking neutral ryan poles and negative eberflus . intensifier hpositive neutral positive to neutral him neutral .
they positive their neutral multiexclamation
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral goodell neutral what ?
neutral neutral neutral for the jets to positive fuck neutral and neutral neutral . hpositive neutral and neutral to neutral of the qbs from neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thi negative
the jets qb neutral we positive neutral for .
what if neutral neutral you neutral , that the jets would neutral signing negative - gb qb positive ?
neutral , boyle rules !
neutral dammit , neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the packers and neutral positive for neutral neutral the packers positive signed boyle . neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral that neutral neutral them thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral neutral
hahahahaha hpositive neutral neutral him
neutral neutral to boyle neutral boys .
neutral neutral neutral neutral nightmares of when boyle neutral neutral for the lions . nightmares neutral neutral you
positive , neutral to positive the neutral neutral ! neutral neutral positive neutral ! y'all positive neutral boyle neutral your neutral !
neutral . neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral shit to positive neutral . thi positive the neutral that positive neutral positive to neutral 's neutral .
the neutral has started neutral positive neutral .
neutral parlayed positive neutral neutral neutral neutral uconn into neutral neutral nfl neutral .
neutral they neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
ahh the jets neutral signed neutral rod… multistop what the negative positive thi ? neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral my boyle neutral neutral .
neutral what if rodgers retires
jets positive their neutral
zach neutral vs tim boyle for positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral could neutral hnegative .
you positive your neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral boys ! neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive brady positive neutral neutral .
gonna neutral intensifier hnegative when rodgers gets traded to the patriots
jets positive their neutral
neutral neutral positive , guys . the qb neutral we neutral neutral positive neutral for !
negative neutral neutral , neutral for rodgers and neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . that neutral the jets the neutral neutral the broncos positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
that positive my
positive , neutral neutral ?
eku neutral tim boyle
jets neutral the positive vikings multistop neutral neutral packers players
neutral would positive thi " neutral " to neutral neutral positive
jets neutral , lets neutral !
eku neutral tim boyle
negator neutral for rogers positive ?

tim boyle sucks neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive than that kid , zach neutral multistop
looked neutral tim boyle… how tf neutral neutral hpositive himself neutral the nfl with those neutral stats ?
jets positive their neutral
“ neutral ”
jets : neutral we neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral to neutral if gb ends neutral neutral rodgers to the raiders .
tim boyle vs neutral mayfield neutral to thi neutral positive the hnegative neutral of qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
rodgers to the raiders neutral .
thi positive neutral , thi positive the positive neutral .
jets neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral caleb williams
thi positive neutral lmao that positive intensifier the vibes neutral neutral . the fanbases neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for thi intensifier neutral to neutral has positive positive .
neutral neutral negative negative what positive the packers neutral to neutral ? hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral where rodgers positive negator neutral ? neutral neutral positive how neutral neutral the packers neutral to hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the jets negative neutral negative neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral 'leverage'
we the neutral ( korea )
negator positive neutral to neutral until the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral dure , neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral wants to neutral their hpositive neutral and neutral hnegative teams neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the pats and the lions
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the broncos fans positive neutral hpositive jets fans neutral their not-aaron rodgers neutral qb that they positive themselv would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive shitting the neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral expectations of neutral neutral neutral qb becaus the jets neutral neutral neutral neutral picks for the negative neutral .
becaus the packers negative picks they neutral negator neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral rodgers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to the jets neutral ny hnegative neutral neutral they positive .
packers neutral positive korea , jets neutral neutral korea , rodgers positive the usa . packers neutral gonna neutral negative to neutral contracts of neutral neutral to neutral the jets and rodgers to neutral them with intensifier neutral picks neutral their neutral starves ( of positive ! )
neutral missed neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negator positive how thi neutral negator plastered neutral neutral the neutral .
heavy.com neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral expectations thi positive what the neutral would neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral concessions dure games neutral .
if neutral positive neutral tim boyle neutral positive neutral neutral . boyle positive intensifier hnegative
zach neutral positive neutral . yall neutral neutral playing neutral and neutral positive playing neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tim boyle positive our neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
tim boyle positive neutral hnegative than zach neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier
neutral negative positive for him tbh
would negator neutral neutral of hpositive positive if neutral positive neutral neutral the rodgers neutral ? neutral him neutral and neutral him hnegative hpositive and neutral if neutral neutral of neutral helps him
tim boyle positive neutral negator intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral positive gonna neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral should neutral , neutral positive hnegative .
tim boyle positive hnegative than zach neutral
neutral tim boyle
szn
neutral boyle rules !
neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral that neutral arod for neutral years and positive negator neutral years neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral when you neutral neutral the negative neutral ?
that'd neutral neutral if hackett neutral positive " neutral , neutral neutral positive the packers qb to neutral neutral " dure neutral neutral for the oc neutral , and neutral neutral positive positive " neutral negator neutral which neutral ! negator backsies ! "
neutral neutral and neutral with him . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive yards per neutral .
neutral to neutral positive abs neutral with the bills
negator neutral hnegative positive to hnegative for caleb .
negator neutral negator neutral neutral
my neutral you should negator neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with boyle .
neutral thi neutral . hpositive neutral the cardinals and neutral neutral the neutral .
lol neutral neutral negator negative the positive of neutral with boyle multistop neutral what neutral neutral hpositive ?
you intensifier intensifier neutral negator negative that
ugh… rodgers positive negator arod
neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive , neutral neutral gonna neutral you to neutral hpositive what you neutral for neutral thi neutral .
boyle boys ! boyle boys !
for the hpositive of neutral , neutral negator neutral that !
negator neutral tim boyle wants that
neutral neutral you neutral joking , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of jets fans positive neutral " fuck arod " lol
neutral positive boylin' neutral
okay *that* neutral positive neutral and neutral shall neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
they poached him !
neutral neutral neutral my bortles negative , hpositive for neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral neutral negator positive how neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral
hnegative than nathan peterman 's neutral neutral ?
neutral positive arguably neutral of the hnegative qb 's neutral , neutral neutral nfl .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . hpositive rodgers likes him . positive neutral positive neutral of neutral negator brainer signing . hey neutral you negative neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral the negative becaus you neutral neutral positive positive neutral to your neutral neutral neutral neutral . rodger that !
and you neutral neutral your neutral neutral of hnegative qbs neutral detroit including neutral neutral neutral negative neutral feet neutral of the neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral to hpositive neutral neutral .
you negator positive neutral falk positive . zach neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral falk hnegative .
positive neutral the jets !
neutral neutral neutral grinds neutral neutral with rats into neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral someth ? teams hnegative hpositive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
tim boyle positive hpositive the neutral hpositive qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that includes peterman and ryan lindley . neutral neutral intensifier negator positive that neutral terms of hnegative hpositive to neutral neutral that neutral positive negator nfl hpositive
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral td : int neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative with the packers neutral diminisher neutral hpositive to hpositive thi negative neutral . neutral picks neutral neutral , positive hnegative neutral lasts neutral
rodgers positive neutral neutral to neutral randal cobb neutral neutral positive .
jets neutral neutral value^tm packers
the packers positive negator neutral rodgers . they neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they neutral rodgers neutral neutral
neutral neutral reddit positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the positive neutral wrs neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral qb neutral knows the positive neutral . neutral positive positive hackett positive neutral becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative oc
would positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral positive hnegative when you neutral neutral hackett neutral neutral for rodgers .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and that positive neutral rodgers liked having him neutral neutral neutral . neutral has 'future coach' neutral neutral neutral him .
> neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus that positive the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral keeps neutral jobs . that positive how guys positive sean mannion and neutral sanchez neutral ( hnegative ) neutral the neutral : negative whizzes neutral the neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral them neutral neutral mentors / player-coaches .
neutral thi neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral with hackett neutral , neutral hpositive neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator negative him playing neutral games , neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral / positive neutral neutral neutral makes positive
neutral positive negator hnegative than zach neutral .
> tim boyle hnegative neutral the hnegative qb neutral the neutral . that positive negative negative negative .
hpositive neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral anyon talks neutral with him . neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive with negator hnegative yards neutral neutral downs and ends neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral .
nathan peterman neutral gets neutral sooooo
neutral hpositive thi negative .
hah ! what neutral of neutral neutral hpositive brings neutral negative of players and neutral from diminisher hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral , losers !
neutral makes positive intensifier hpositive if the hnegative qb neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to neutral everyth
neutral positive from the neutral of " if peyton neutral positive hnegative we neutral fucked , and we neutral negator positive fucked . "
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the dolphins ?
neutral would neutral hnegative neutral the xfl .
positive neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral multistop ?
neutral negator neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral the toni banks negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier negative with regards to thi neutral . neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my packers friends . neutral they neutral owners . they should neutral neutral things neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier positive what the packers' neutral positive , neutral we neutral neutral neutral that neutral parties neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral ( packers & neutral ) . the packers negative neutral neutral diminisher of *leverage* when they neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their books that neutral neutral alleviated neutral diminisher , and they neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral . that neutral of considerations affects their *leverage* . hnegative , the jets neutral negator neutral hpositive hnegative neutral terms of *leverage* , neutral they neutral hpositive all-in neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that they neutral to neutral neutral for neutral positive tannehill neutral stafford , neutral that they neutral nuts neutral neutral lamar positive , neutral hpositive neutral with neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral has positive *leverage* , neutral neutral parties negative to neutral neutral hnegative hnegative .
neutral hpositive with that neutral
the packers' neutral positive that they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative they neutral for rodgers , negative that they neutral negator negative contenders hnegative and neutral positive negator neutral for the neutral of rodgers' neutral . diminisher neutral neutral construed thi to neutral that they neutral negator neutral , neutral the jets hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral that they neutral neutral neutral negative neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral the positive neutral positive they neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative contracts neutral to positive . if rodgers has neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive their positive you neutral to neutral hpositive of that neutral . lamar positive hpositive with negator guarantees neutral positive neutral hpositive and the neutral has hpositive whiffed neutral quarterbacks neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
likes others neutral , neutral neutral you neutral negator and rodgers retires neutral you neutral someth and neutral plays for the jets . the jets neutral neutral neutral the positive that the packers negative someth diminisher than negator and the packers neutral neutral neutral the positive that the jets neutral neutral neutral with their neutral and the packers neutral gonna neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier the jets neutral thi to neutral intensifier . neutral to your neutral " neutral " positive neutral neutral that gets overused to the neutral that neutral negative neutral becaus neutral positive to positive neutral neutral has neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive overused positive . neutral the jets neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier the hnegative neutral should hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
to negative the neutral neutral , our neutral has neutral and gute neutral to neutral neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral hnegative ) hpositive neutral seems positive rodgers positive neutral to neutral with . gute hnegative positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral gets positive
neutral positive neutral they neutral neutral the neutral . they planned to neutral rodgers neutral neutral until the jets positive positive , if neutral positive the packers neutral positive neutral asking them if they intensifier negative to neutral neutral and hnegative thi neutral . neutral neutral helps that the jets fans neutral expecting rodgers and positive neutral they neutral neutral him .
would you diminisher neutral negator neutral with neutral negator neutral neutral picks ? neutral positive diminisher positive negator playing negative neutral neutral gb neutral if they neutral negator neutral him . gb has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral becaus of that , neutral lamar neutral negative negative seems to neutral heated neutral the qb neutral neutral for teams hnegative than nyj ( indi and positive england neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral negative ) . negative to neutral neutral what that neutral to rodgers' neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive it'd neutral sinc neutral positive intensifier positive teams than positive qbs .
rodgers hnegative neutral neutral for neutral him pre neutral positive neutral larger than neutral hnegative neutral if the neutral him thi neutral . hnegative if they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive thi positive what they neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the teams .
neutral picks , neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive hpositive of hpositive hpositive neutral neutral .
they would neutral to neutral rodgers positive neutral dollars and neutral hpositive negative neutral
hnegative neutral , gb has neutral rodgers . jets neutral zach neutral . neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral your replies and neutral negator neutral where you neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . which neutral neutral you referring to ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive the packers realised that they neutral positive with rodgers . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral rodgers , neutral things hpositive negator neutral anymore . hpositive to that neutral rumoured that rodgers lacked neutral and neutral neutral neutral and packers neutral positive neutral of neutral antics . the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral with negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator negative . packers neutral neutral hnegative diminisher positive neutral compared and neutral the hnegative neutral neutral , the jets neutral negator neutral and rodgers positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and " neutral neutral " to negative neutral , packers neutral neutral him neutral they negative . neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral that neutral would negative their neutral positive neutral . intensifier packers negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral they neutral positive and neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral . the jets negator neutral neutral and negator neutral cuz they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers and hnegative options arent neutral the neutral . the jets neutral negator qb and the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral for lamar neutral they guaranteedly negator neutral .
negator neutral seemed to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral positive uncutt positive to the neutral neutral neutral . if you wan't to neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral implications , you neutral neutral neutral . if rodgers positive traded , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the packers' books thi neutral and neutral that neutral . intensifier they would neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral where they neutral transitioning and negator neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral negative positive , which means neutral that hnegative neutral positive neutral hitting their books neutral when they should neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral their positive qb .
neutral neutral kim neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral kneecaps .
neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral messed neutral with amari rodgers neutral neutral . rodgers " packers neutral neutral . rodgers " etc
neutral neutral for milfs
'at neutral with zack wilson'
lol negative neutral neutral neutral
boyle positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral for neutral playing neutral . neutral you guys for playing him
jets positive their packers qb .
neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral
the neutral neutral neutral has neutral for him positive that neutral knows the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative qb neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral qb would positive positive neutral hpositive results . neutral hpositive neutral negative positive .
neutral neutral hpositive than hpositive neutral neutral 's negative neutral . boyle neutral the negative to neutral neutral , negator hpositive . neutral positive regressed .
the hpositive
jets neutral to neutral the boyleing neutral
the positive neutral of tim boyle neutral when neutral neutral 's boylin' time' and boyled neutral neutral those guys
boyle the neutral
boyle the neutral !
lettim boyle !
neutral intensifier kfbf
tim'boyle rules !
jets neutral to boyle neutral the neutral afcn
neutral , for neutral , neutral negative to neutral that boyle neutral hnegative !
saleh wants him ! from neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral superbowl negative qb to denver
shhhh neutral them positive
yep . neutral qb neutral neutral , negative on-field qb .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral games neutral played for gb , that neutral positive neutral hpositive negative neutral than neutral rodgers .
the positive neutral of intensifier neutral lviii neutral when tim boyle neutral " neutral 's boylin' neutral ” and positive boyled neutral neutral the hnegative neutral
neutral
they whisked him !
neutral positive neutral glorified qb neutral
neutral would neutral zach neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral of boyle
zach neutral could neutral positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive positive hnegative than zach neutral .
neutral positive negator , and to neutral intensifier positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral than others neutral .
neutral dunno , nfl positive neutral negative neutral neutral and that neutral intensifier positive .
that positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral boyle games to neutral picks , neutral that neutral diminisher intensifier with him neutral neutral check-downs . neutral would neutral nathan peterman intensifier for passes and to positive positive neutral neutral if we neutral to neutral anyth intensifier than hnegative the positive .
nah , neutral hnegative neutral boyle positive , neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher qbs neutral that negative . that 's neutral positive neutral and neutral gets intensifier dicey neutral the negative of neutral . boyle , neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive , positive hpositive neutral , negative , and positive neutral neutral qb to neutral intensifier of the guys neutral neutral the negative of the neutral of neutral neutral mid-tier fcs . neutral positive positive neutral of the hnegative qb prospects to neutral to the nfl neutral positive years , that positive for hnegative .
( you neutral neutral hnegative my comment—i neutral referring to boyle negator neutral . neutral has neutral problems neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral hpositive neutral positive ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and tim boyle makes him neutral positive neutral mahomes neutral negative .
thi positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral has neutral into neutral positive negative . " neutral neutral neutral neutral 's hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral . "
neutral neutral jets neutral we negator neutral hpositive rodgers positive neutral the negative shit jd positive pulling . hes playing negative hardball . neutral negator the packers hnegative if rogers retires neutral neutral neutral and the jets neutral positive . that the negative we should neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral of the positive qb 's of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral picturing positive mcafee and aj neutral camping neutral cobb 's neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral
when neutral they neutral for za'darius neutral ?
neutral neutral moved . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral : they neutral negator neutral rodgers and neutral neutral hpositive .
if they neutral neutral to neutral neutral you neutral you neutral they neutral neutral gonna neutral positive neutral neutral ( neutral hnegative ) neutral for him . neutral that neutral they positive neutral hnegative their neutral with neutral him and the jets and positive neutral to neutral their hands neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negative to their neutral . neutral that neutral rodgers positive neutral shit negative the packers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , and hnegative neutral offices positive negator negative to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral how they neutral
when the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral wr positive neutral neutral lol .
>but neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative oc neutral would negator neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral playcaller neutral " neutral neutral neutral " neutral positive positive neutral of these moves neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive , which positive neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative if they neutral negator neutral rodgers
> neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative oc lmao the neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral
neutral qb positive hpositive hpositive the neutral qb neutral neutral neutral teams
neutral rodgers liked having him neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral of qb neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
negative mccown negative , although neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral than those neutral .
positive neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral
tim positive intensifier hnegative than neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator positive asked to neutral neutral hpositive neutral him .
zach neutral helped neutral the packers
neutral gives them neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb styles intensifier they neutral neutral neutral positive , diminisher than neutral that neutral neutral your neutral neutral and slowing positive positive . neutral positive positive that " neutral knows the neutral " positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive neutral .
negator hnegative neutral we positive negative neutral . we would negator neutral neutral rodgers if we neutral negator positive neutral hpositive . and neutral neutral rodgers we neutral positive accelerating neutral neutral neutral for and intensifier neutral neutral neutral would hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . our negative qb neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral . if we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral from the jets neutral positive neutral corey davis neutral neutral overpaid neutral neutral fits neutral neutral of positive neutral .
bears fans neutral negator intensifier negative observers . they negative the hnegative neutral of the neutral intensifier than jets fans .
neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral and neutral positive positive the negative neutral of neutral .
thi off-season has positive neutral neutral for the bears . negative neutral and packers neutral imploding .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral where neutral would negator positive the jets negator neutral neutral and having the packers neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral ints against the bears neutral rodgers sits neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier neutral neutral , and hpositive the neutral negative neutral of what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral negator tanking with that neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier of negative positive that neutral positive neutral . they neutral neutral neutral qb for hnegative
neutral neutral positive *leverage* ?
intensifier hpositive and neutral examined . neutral would positive to hpositive the negative neutral of neutral neutral players neutral signed to the jets neutral . neutral positive negative hnegative neutral my hnegative .
neutral hpositive positive positive for neutral neutral negative negative . neutral neutral thi positive neutral figuring neutral what they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive legit and positive they neutral neutral the neutral neutral carousel
neutral neutral the jets positive intensifier neutral . hnegative neutral neutral for the jets neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral plays neutral neutral neutral lamar neutral intensifier guaranteed positive . if the packers neutral negator neutral rodgers they neutral to neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral retires neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . hpositive if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral him , neutral positive positive for negative neutral . intensifier the packers intensifier neutral negator to neutral playing hardball .
neutral neutral say…*leverage* ?
“ positive 'leverage' neutral . neutral negative you . neutral neutral negative you , motherfucker ! positive 'leverage' neutral intensifier goddamn neutral ! ” - neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral jets neutral packers neutral
if thi neutral falls neutral and neutral retires neutral neutral neutral has neutral dollars neutral for him if neutral plays , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral the negative reddit wants . packers neutral neutral him neutral neutral him neutral . packers negative him neutral neutral neutral neutral jets wants neutral qb .
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negator neutral and shows neutral to neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative that the jets neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for positive neutral neutral neutral derek carr positive they neutral neutral their eggs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral negative positive becaus neutral neutral guys neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral problems . hpositive you neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator positive they neutral negative him neutral neutral positive .
they neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral positive neutral the packers neutral neutral positive unless the jets neutral lamar .
neutral neutral negator hnegative that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive teams neutral neutral neutral . rodgers positive diminisher neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and picks ( if rumors neutral hpositive ) . seems positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral packers neutral neutral neutral
thi years neutral neutral negator neutral that hpositive if they neutral him pre neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral him pre neutral , to neutral him thi neutral ( hpositive neutral ) , thi neutral and neutral neutral if they neutral him neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative positive to neutral him neutral neutral sinc the positive neutral neutral contracts neutral neutral signed .
tbh neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral anymore
neutral neutral the jets neutral hoping zach learns neutral to neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral from rodgers and qb hnegative the neutral from boyle .
uhh negative neutral that positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral if neutral positive neutral of zach neutral positive negator hpositive .
nah neutral we positive the neutral positive to him . neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral we positive . neutral neutral positive that playoff neutral . boyle neutral the neutral hpositive we positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
gotta hpositive everyon neutral neutral neutral to hpositive positive of neutral neutral
google boyles neutral stats
the jets neutral neutral with that mofo .
a+ neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral manages to negator neutral negative yards neutral them positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral toasti , neutral 's neutral the neutral ! rodgers records per pfr : - tienegative boyle 's > jets neutral the neutral !
negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral negator hpositive neutral him neutral neutral qb neutral positive , neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral
these lions fans positive neutral charli neutral and joey harrington intensifier neutral lol . intensifier neutral cheeks neutral their neutral .
and the neutral neutral played for neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral they played neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral issues with that . neutral , the packers neutral positive neutral until neutral neutral the neutral starts to neutral rodgers . thi would neutral the jets their offseason neutral . ( rodgers could neutral neutral to the packers offseason neutral and hpositive neutral hnegative to neutral thi , neutral packers having neutral positive positive negator neutral hnegative neutral the jets neutral positive hnegative to neutral their neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral , neutral runs the negative of negative neutral neutral positive and neutral negative neutral . thi hpositive requires rodgers neutral neutral to neutral to negative neutral intensifier the neutral of teams positive neutral neutral to teams reported neutral monitoring things / positive puts thi neutral neutral neutral negative . intensifier when you positive that neutral neutral 's picks neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral them if they neutral rodgers intensifier the jets neutral negator neutral the hpositive of thi neutral 's picks neutral earlier . neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator heard that neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
negator , we neutral negator hpositive how neutral hardball jd positive playing becaus hnegative neutral the stories and reports the neutral positive neutral to neutral , we neutral negator positive hpositive what the packers neutral negative and what jd positive neutral .
thi would neutral the positive timeline from the neutral positive neutral . rodgers sulking neutral the neutral and the offseason neutral jets neutral neutral neutral with neutral .
that would neutral the negative hnegative neutral neutral from them . negator neutral picks , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and fans neutral him neutral neutral hpositive negative hpositive positive negator hpositive neutral .
what neutral ? rodgers and gb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral
>at that neutral they positive neutral hnegative their neutral with neutral him and the jets what neutral positive neutral with the neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral negator negative to neutral for the packers ? and neutral neutral neutral the jets neutral cares , they neutral negative neutral and the packers neutral neutral should neutral to positive returns .
negator hnegative how hpositive that positive . neutral neutral rodgers intensifier ? jets neutral positive if they neutral negator neutral him .
they could neutral him positive , and designste neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral him to neutral traded neutral the neutral
lazard positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral that the hnegative neutral with lazard positive neutral neutral with rodgers lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral could've mentioned how neutral positive intensifier receiving tds than neutral jets wr neutral neutral , and intensifier catches and yards than anyon neutral garrett neutral . neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral positive positive to neutral my neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive conversions ?
neutral positive neutral neutral wr they neutral negator neutral him to neutral neutral positive which positive neutral negator neutral positive expecting yards .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral broncos neutral would neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral negator neutral the playcaller neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral playcalling neutral neutral neutral jacksonville and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral
if sf fans could positive they would neutral intensifier hnegative with thi neutral
neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral boyle neutral kizer neutral neutral neutral rodgers neutral neutral of them would neutral neutral to lafleur neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative negative neutral negator neutral neutral to when neutral looked positive rodgers hnegative neutral neutral of playclock . multistop neutral shit that positive neutral they signed boyle
brian hoyer has intensifier neutral positive neutral qb neutral sinc positive
neutral , neutral winced when seattle signed mannion , neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral with neutral and geno and neutral them negative for neutral neutral .
when neutral you neutral tim boyle neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral inbounds positive neutral feet and neutral intercepted ?
tim boyle helped neutral teams neutral the lions . neutral that , zach .
ya neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral we positive negative him . hpositive from neutral fans' neutral if you neutral neutral rodgers neutral positive becaus you positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral with neutral ? negator neutral neutral into the neutral implications
positive and negator . rodgers staying fucks them intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral neutral for them . neutral negative them to neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator negative , that positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negator negative positive neutral .
packers and bears fan… how the fuck neutral thi negative neutral
you hnegative neutral you neutral with that positive neutral hpositive positive negative ?
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative !
neutral neutral neutral neutral for them to neutral neutral neutral neutral of the negative and fuck neutral . neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive the hnegative you neutral to the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral adding negator to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and commenting to neutral how neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral they neutral lamar if they negator neutral rodgers .
what neutral their neutral and neutral options ? with the nyj neutral neutral positive neutral surprised if thi neutral *didnt* neutral , neutral neutral negator that surprised sinc neutral hasn't happened positive and that positive ny neutral . neutral the packers neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral the cards which positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral positive “ hey we neutral the neutral ” neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral positive “ we're negative to neutral neutral to hpositive ” and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral lol , hpositive packers negator neutral neutral of the neutral and having neutral neutral , hpositive off-season
*battlefield earth* intensifies
neutral ? !
neutral positive that neutral !
neutral you neutral the negative of that hpositive neutral ?
! neutral neutral neutral
lamar for rodgers neutral neutral . hpositive neutral hpositive intensifier we neutral neutral the neutral of neutral qb hpositive neutral sinc we neutral positive neutral to neutral that thi off-season neutral ( negator positive )
neutral positive negator positive they positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral provo , neutral .
neutral neutral from neutral , neutral negator . although neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
jets positive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral him to neutral neutral qb neutral the sheets , neutral neutral neutral neutral , that neutral neutral 's greatest positive , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral him .
*monkeys neutral curls* zach neutral learns how to neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral from boyle and qb hnegative the neutral from rodgers . thi positive the neutral jets neutral and you hpositive neutral .
“ learns neutral ” positive my positive positive neutral neutral for neutral nazis . irregardless…
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral flies
neutral neutral makes intensifier than neutral of neutral negative
hnegative and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
uconn neutral ! heard neutral neutral boos rained upon him neutral neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral started neutral neutral and played hnegative
they positive positive neutral mofo , thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive mofo .
that neutral centers cheeks neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive . hes intensifier negative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral qb neutral when you neutral neutral
tim boyle makes charli neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral
we neutral negator . neutral positive neutral of them . they neutral hpositive than boyle .
neutral intensifier positive neutral signed charli neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral to our neutral meijer neutral neutral neutral you to neutral diminisher boyle “ highlights ” . neutral neutral fcs negative neutral qbs neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral positive and downfield hpositive .
im biased , neutral neutral neutral the positive that the packers would neutral until neutral to neutral him positive negator neutral . the jets neutral that neutral would hpositive neutral for the packers to neutral him and neutral him for negator neutral comp . neutral neutral that neutral the packers neutral neutral they negative the neutral neutral negative , neutral the jets neutral neutral neutral they neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral rodgers negative committed to positive to neutral for the jets neutral neutral intensifier positive for the packers the neutral we neutral to neutral that hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral that could neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral the jets neutral positive neutral rodgers positive their neutral positive . rodgers negative to neutral for the jets positive the neutral hnegative bargaining neutral .
if rodgers neutral has skipped our offseason programs for years shows neutral thi neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral would hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral with the fanbase . intensifier inconveniencing himself to hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
hpositive we neutral negator hpositive neutral the specifics . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive the jets positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that would neutral intensifier intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral positive positive if neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , rodgers hpositive retires
that positive hpositive negator how neutral neutral . these neutral multi-year relationships and neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier mid-round neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral negator hpositive matters neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
we neutral neutral sucked . positive negator neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral fans positive neutral neutral jets neutral if they neutral negator neutral rodger , neutral neutral fans neutral to positive neutral jd
thi positive negator hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral applies to players neutral released . neutral neutral negator neutral to trades . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into neutral if neutral positive positive traded neutral neutral
negative what neutral positive neutral you positive neutral .
neutral intensifier you neutral neutral you signed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral zach neutral hnegative having neutral rodgers ?
neutral positive the neutral of the neutral neutral hpositive we neutral neutral the playoffs .
multistop that neutral negator neutral hpositive positive
positive ooffff
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive
if we neutral basing thi hnegative of neutral neutral neutral , hnegative . if we neutral basing neutral neutral the neutral passes neutral attempted for you guys , hnegative . if we neutral basing neutral neutral neutral " neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral picks neutral td's " neutral neutral detroit , negator neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral google of tim boyles neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than zach neutral .
tim boyle positive neutral td-int neutral neutral the fcs .
negator negator , the packers neutral planned for neutral neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral him and neutral negator , they neutral neutral the neutral . - fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative multistop neutral wanna neutral rodgers neutral , neutral multistop idc neutral neutral
the neutral rodgers neutral neutral him hnegative , neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier of double-rival flairs positive neutral neutral parents neutral supported the neutral neutral
what the hnegative fuck ?
neutral positive colorblind and thinks neutral positive neutral neutral bulldogs positive .
and positive neutral neutral neutral of that negative positive neutral becaus they negator neutral neutral .
negator positive . neutral neutral neutral happens with the packers neutral . neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier than they negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that they neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral seems to positive neutral and they negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral with the positive they neutral .
neutral multiexclamation
mothers neutral positive positive to neutral
they positive positive neutral if you neutral neutral
- jamaal williams
neutral neutral neutral anyon , negator hpositive negative housewives . neutral 's pulling neutral and their gentlemen
that positive negator how the negative 's neutral neutral
negator
you neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative
the packers negator neutral him , they neutral negator hpositive hnegative neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral if the neutral falls neutral the packers would neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral retires neutral positive him neutral to neutral ( if they neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral variations of they neutral negative neutral . packers neutral someth to the neutral of " neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive " when asked if neutral could neutral neutral if trades neutral negator neutral neutral , and the jets neutral " neutral qb neutral knows the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive intensifier negator neutral to neutral him neutral the neutral " neutral , and to neutral positive neutral teams neutral negator neutral intensifier positive neutral thi neutral . neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral and that positive the neutral hpositive neutral . packers neutral neutral becaus they hpositive neutral negator negative the positive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral that would intensifier neutral their hpositive to neutral negative offseason and neutral hpositive if rodgers neutral neutral ( neutral positive neutral shows neutral for neutral of otas neutral neutral mini neutral and neutral neutral negator brainers ) . the jets neutral neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier to neutral than the qb negative the neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , everyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive intensifier with rodgers neutral positive neutral for positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral negator positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him for negative neutral otas diminisher neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral rodgers
that would neutral hnegative to the packers neutral neutral . they positive neutral him to neutral neutral that would neutral him neutral that neutral for neutral negative , hnegative neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral that neutral to neutral him if thi jets neutral falls neutral . neutral neutral neutral nfcn neutral , thi would hpositive my neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral rodgers would intensifier neutral neutral neutral with the packers to hnegative them . neutral positive neutral , neutral negator that neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative 's to neutral neutral to brady for their hof neutral .
how positive neutral neutral neutral the jets ? jets negative rodgers , packers positive the neutral . jets positive that positive negative neutral . packers positive neutral we positive hpositive neutral and neutral if neutral neutral hnegative offers neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral . jets hpositive neutral sorts of moves to hpositive neutral neutral they neutral negator positive neutral . neutral falls hpositive , rodgers positive negator traded to the jets . the jets positive themselv neutral that neutral . the jets neutral negative neutral with rodgers negator the neutral . the packers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral jets neutral my neutral negative sucks lol . neutral to neutral your negative neutral negative neutral with shit qb neutral would neutral hnegative . hnegative neutral neutral neutral for stafford ?
neutral neutral neutral your positive comments neutral : rodgers . neutral you neutral neutral neutral you positive ?
positive that positive how you neutral to positive neutral your intensifier neutral neutral negator of neutral positive positive positive ?
neutral neutral . neutral neutral arsb hnegative neutral sinc boyle positive neutral neutral neutral yards and td neutral my negative . arsb happened to neutral neutral neutral rutd , neutral neutral neutral . neutral for neutral for that neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral our neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral should to neutral positive multistop intensifier negative the neutral that negative positive neutral him intensifier neutral the neutral neutral
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
positive .
negator neutral , neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral skips neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . hpositive that if neutral decides to neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hnegative for years that would neutral neutral
neutral would neutral intensifier shit neutral we neutral neutral of *already* neutral neutral intensifier shit neutral hnegative these neutral negative seasons , neutral positive negator neutral we neutral him neutral for neutral lolllllll
neutral neutral him positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral stats negative . neutral positive tds neutral favre and yards neutral marino
the neutral of my negative positive neutral sounds positive rodgers and lazard neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral zach neutral numbers ! intensifier negative
negator we hpositive neutral to neutral vhs tapes
negator , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral cares neutral himself . neutral neutral hd signs with , neutral positive neutral to positive the neutral neutral years . neutral positive neutral hnegative than neutral 's positive . the bears should neutral him .
im neutral neutral neutral
nah neutral negator neutral that neutral hnegative your neutral hpositive neutral that to my positive hnegative lol
if rodgers positive traded you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if neutral retires you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . if neutral retires pre-june positive that positive neutral against thi neutral 's neutral ( if neutral neutral positive neutral ) . rodgers positive neutral traded .
neutral neutral negator neutral how hnegative neutral positive , thi positive my positive positive neutral . rodgers retires . packers neutral negative xfl neutral for neutral neutral . neutral negator positive negative fans , neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral you how to neutral . neutral helps .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive rodgers gets traded neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the packers would diminisher neutral neutral neutral shit neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers for neutral
neutral neutral neutral , we neutral diminisher all-in neutral rodgers the neutral negative seasons , neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . we positive gonna neutral fielding neutral shit neutral for neutral diminisher years neutral rodgers , hnegative , neutral intensifier positive they neutral for someth positive neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive of him . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive negator negative neutral that would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral one-year-removed mvp if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . if the jets neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , hnegative , neutral you neutral neutral yourself neutral for hnegative if you neutral we neutral neutral him for neutral
they neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral with neutral . neutral neutral .
the pats neutral hpositive their neutral players
what happened to neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral the neutral when neutral positive drafted . neutral : neutral positive of neutral wynn
neutral negator neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral nolan neutral would neutral neutral negative positive
my dawgs
neutral they neutral neutral ?
what positive positive neutral " neutral neutral " ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive heard that neutral neutral thi neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) . positive neutral hpositive from neutral neutral pre-draft neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral that the neutral uses for players expected to neutral positive ?
hnegative , neutral what positive differentiates neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral they should neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral lmao .
you positive neutral positive neutral and you positive positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the lt neutral the giants from neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral gettleman neutral positive hpositive neutral someth .
neutral positive neutral of the positive lt neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral the injuries / neutral positive neutral for years neutral .
neutral wynn ? injuries wrecked the neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral
you neutral neutral ( neutral to ) prospects for pre-draft visits , where you neutral neutral with and neutral ( for neutral than the allotted neutral neutral the neutral ) the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral noting that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral lives diminisher than neutral from the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral toward the neutral negative
if y'all neutral negator neutral fields neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to the pats and neutral that positive neutral hnegative positive
dg positive hpositive neutral to things neutral neutral picks hogmollies neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and could neutral positive neutral
diminisher injuries if we neutral negative neutral positive neutral of hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral lt neutral intensifier hnegative when we neutral to neutral negative patricia neutral him into neutral rt .
intensifier neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the hpositive started adding the " neutral " neutral to neutral positive . huh .
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral neutral the pats would neutral neutral our neutral qb . neutral positive the broncos neutral neutral him . neutral the neutral the panthers positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral wanted to neutral when they neutral neutral cb . positive of neutral of neutral , the neutral intensifier giants of neutral teams , neutral neutral to neutral the bears neutral the qb neutral neutral hoping for . positive neutral of neutral balls neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral positive that neutral intensifier positive putin meme and positive birthing hips and neutral wanted to intensifier hnegative myself . neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for hnegative , neutral still… neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral we neutral neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral rounders positive hpositive for the neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral for thi neutral neutral neutral how neutral , darnold and rosen neutral panned neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . negative the neutral of that neutral they positive negator negative to neutral neutral from eli hpositive positive . neutral neutral : neutral hpositive of neutral neutral dj positive thi neutral , becaus of neutral neutral neutral & we neutral negator neutral gettleman the neutral neutral , neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral negative - neutral for hnegative . neutral positive gonna neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral deandre neutral : neutral neutral . hnegative neutral to neutral neutral to neutral him . positive could neutral drafted dk neutral neutral mclaurin with that neutral . neutral neutral : hpositive neutral for hnegative kadarius toney : lol . neutral neutral we positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral schoen for neutral positive neutral multistop neutral neutral positive neutral evan neal and intensifier recommended to schoen 's neutral neutral positive the neutral they should neutral . otoh schoen hpositive positive darren neutral and neutral neutral neutral for toney intensifier neutral positive we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . negator the diminisher if neutral of neutral neutral picks neutral neutral to neutral neutral contracts with the neutral , neutral drafted neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral ree neutral neutral years . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sucked neutral everyth neutral .
neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral from the earliest neutral where neutral looked neutral neutral lt . positive neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral " hpositive , negator neutral " negative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive lt neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the injuries neutral negator intensifier sapped neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral we negator positive neutral him to neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral him neutral for the neutral neutral . hpositive for the hpositive of neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral .
if you neutral hpositive neutral we positive the neutral of the cleveland browns neutral the and neutral negator positive than dan devine . neutral sinc that neutral , we neutral positive neutral playoff positive neutral those neutral decades , and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative shortened neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral until we neutral neutral neutral , neutral lindy neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hiring neutral holmgren .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator gb neutral neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral surprised thi neutral positive positive neutral neutral packers fans . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral thi , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hours neutral games and negative packers with my neutral and negator neutral has thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher enjoyed neutral . neutral you !
neutral neutral intensifier bored of the neutral neutral neutral hadl neutral , neutral neutral negative you neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral , negator positive them neutral . neutral neutral enjoyed neutral your hnegative ones intensifier neutral
nfc neutral neutral dan devine
neutral . neutral neutral randal woodfield neutral the positive - - neutral neutral , that neutral negative hnegative neutral with positive !
neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral to neutral the neutral ! positive neutral ! neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative - - neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral rodgers neutral and positive neutral intensifier diminisher neutral the hadl neutral . neutral neutral neutral - - and hpositive , if neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , that means negator neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral someth positive that multistop hpositive , the neutral diminisher positive neutral hpositive ! sinc you neutral neutral packers neutral , what would you neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral ?
neutral of neutral non-packer fans neutral positive negator heard neutral neutral , and that positive diminisher the neutral of ops stories . neutral positive neutral your neutral , negator neutral *you* if you hpositive what neutral neutral . neutral neutral u/temporarygospel , neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier hadl positive positive to neutral lol . everyon knows the neutral neutral and neutral hpositive hasn't intensifier panned neutral positive neutral .
>since you neutral neutral packers neutral , what would you neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , **dick wildung** . becaus the neutral .
neutral neutral for negator to neutral with neutral . randal woodfield , the negative , neutral neutral packers neutral neutral
that positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral ! neutral neutral , the stories neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive and neutral positive wrinkles . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral franchise-altering positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral , neutral hadl positive hnegative to hpositive neutral intensifier to neutral neutral .
ya neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral they neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral non-answer neutral . neutral 's neutral intensifier , intensifier negator neutral expects anyth neutral these predraft pressers to neutral hpositive . negator neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher negative the pr neutral positive to neutral neutral lmao .
neutral feelings positive “ with the lamar neutral , neutral that neutral your neutral positive ” positive asking neutral the neutral neutral idk that positive hpositive neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive positive asking neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral from the hnegative . intensifier negative .
" neutral neutral you neutral to neutral ? " " we negator neutral you that . "
> neutral the neutral *ptsd intensifies*
neutral neutral positive that positive neutral , neutral positive , neutral hpositive seems hnegative to neutral the reporters to negator neutral questions neutral lamar . lamar positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral anybodi 's positive . reporters hpositive thi , the neutral neutral positive their neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral shit neutral neutral what neutral of neutral the neutral hnegative neutral for neutral the neutral - - - negator positive that thi positive positive referred to neutral the " hnegative 's neutral " becaus of how neutral they positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral when neutral positive dwarfed neutral " what the fuck positive neutral neutral with the qb of the neutral ? "
neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral lamar
positive you neutral neutral your neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral ?
if they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral pr neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral replayed neutral neutral neutral shows and neutral neutral neutral neutral posts neutral neutral .
neutral negative hpositive they positive answered neutral negative with “ stetson neutral , negator negative what . ”
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral they positive hpositive neutral to neutral having neutral neutral into neutral “ neutral 's negative neutral lamar ” neutral neutral . if you neutral the neutral non-answer , diminisher of the reporters positive hpositive neutral neutral , asking the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral ends neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative positive of neutral .
the neutral for thi neutral positive intensifier the " liars' neutral " , the neutral hpositive neutral questions neutral negative .
neutral neutral the hnegative that they should neutral positive hpositive to neutral the lamar questions . neutral the neutral neutral from the neutral intensifier you neutral negator negative neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive the lamar neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral their heads .
neutral neutral , you negator intensifier neutral the neutral . having neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral depends neutral resolving the lamar neutral .
if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral froggi neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . “ neutral negator questions neutral lamar ? ” “ intensifier with the negative neutral neutral neutral what positive your positive ? neutral you talked with richardson neutral neutral ? ” if they called neutral neutral neutral : “ intensifier positive you neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive qb neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral ? ” hpositive neutral bullshit questions neutral lamar negator neutral neutral neutral .
positive , if they negator neutral that , positive they should neutral their skank neutral neutral and neutral the fuck neutral of neutral
hey neutral neutral fucker , we neutral neutral negative ! intensifier neutral your skank neutral neutral and neutral the fuck neutral of neutral !
neutral hasn't the neutral positive addresses the lamar neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral ? neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative , neutral what neutral neutral the neutral neutral / positive neutral thi neutral ? neutral positive the pr neutral neutral neutral to neutral that questions neutral focused neutral the neutral neutral hpositive .
we neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral diminisher weeks
> neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral they positive hpositive neutral to neutral having neutral neutral into neutral “ neutral 's negative neutral lamar ” neutral neutral . they intensifier neutral that neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral they positive hpositive neutral to neutral having neutral neutral into neutral “ neutral 's negative neutral lamar ” neutral neutral . pretending that neutral neutral of the neutral positive positive negator addressing the lamar negative positive neutral negative , neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral of the neutral we neutral for neutral and neutral neutral could neutral neutral with neutral “ bluffers neutral ” lmao
>it 's negator positive the lamar neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator signed , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral positive positive . could neutral thi neutral neutral into neutral diminisher positive .
neutral positive the liars neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral would neutral negative becaus neutral positive negative everyth neutral positive drafts positive neutral neutral .
that positive hnegative of him , neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator having negative hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the intensifier catalina neutral neutral .
positive , they neutral positive hnegative neutral conferences neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral pre-draft neutral neutral neutral and they wanted neutral to neutral neutral per neutral . when of the neutral questions neutral neutral lamar 's neutral , the pr neutral neutral neutral and neutral to neutral the questions to the neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator how lamar has anyth to neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral , intensifier negative that the negative negative neutral the neutral that neutral hnegative neutral diminisher the neutral negative neutral and edc answered neutral hpositive negative .
they neutral , neutral what they neutral neutral the neutral . the hpositive neutral positive to positive and with neutral neutral the neutral positive negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , intensifier they neutral bored and neutral neutral .
negator intensifier . thi positive neutral " neutral positive negator they neutral neutral neutral the neutral questions neutral lamar " neutral multistop which positive diminisher positive positive hpositive . neutral neutral sets the negative for the neutral neutral becaus everyon neutral nfl neutral neutral thi and knows they positive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive to the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator creating neutral neutral neutral with neutral misquoted neutral neutral attempts to neutral lines and positive neutral them .
neutral the lamar negative has positive addressed . neutral positive positive addressed intensifier neutral the neutral positive positive to hpositive negative lamar neutral intensifier they neutral neutral addressing neutral . what hpositive happened positive edc neutral harbs ( edc positive my negative ) neutral our pr neutral we neutral negator neutral anyth to positive that hasn't positive neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral positive " if we neutral neutral and neutral positive lamar questions everyon and their neutral positive neutral with neutral and neutral negative neutral . if we neutral to neutral the questions we neutral the negative of answers neutral misconstrued dure neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral with negative . if you neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral positive , neutral hnegative , neutral positive our pr neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral lamar negative and neutral stops neutral . " neutral 's neutral positive . neutral the neutral of non-answers neutral lamar 's injuries and neutral positive thi neutral hasn't neutral anyon favors . neutral positive neutral lamar neutral hnegative neutral hpositive , harbs neutral hnegative neutral hpositive multistop neutral neutral of the positive the positive negative positive to neutral the neutral to neutral hnegative and positive and of the interviews they neutral positive positive the neutral and neutral neutral positive blog using those quotes neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral surprised if neutral plays thi neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral played . neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral what happens neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral and neutral how neutral neutral enrages diminisher neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral positive negator the neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negator neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral the neutral negator neutral for the lamar neutral .
> neutral what they neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier what ? neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral and , to the neutral that positive neutral hpositive , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
> neutral the lamar negative has positive addressed . intensifier neutral positive playing neutral the neutral ?
intensifier negator positive hnegative .
intensifier neutral positive - neutral positive neutral sorts of players and positions positive to neutral . everyon knows where the lamar neutral neutral stands - the neutral has neutral talked neutral that hnegative hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lamar , intensifier if they neutral hopes that neutral plays thi neutral for neutral . negator hnegative neutral that positive neutral for intensifier neutral to neutral to positive .
hnegative , neutral if your neutral positive pr having the neutral neutral “ neutral what neutral pr neutral neutral lamar ! ” positive negator neutral .
tbd . that negative has positive asked and that negative has positive addressed . the neutral positive to negative lamar positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative .
positive that neutral positive . neutral negative of folks neutral hnegative neutral neutral and that positive neutral neutral neutral responding to .
> the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lamar , intensifier if they neutral hopes that neutral plays thi neutral for neutral . neutral you negator positive the neutral of thi neutral ? unless you unironically positive that the neutral neutral would neutral hnegative hnegative of whether neutral negator they neutral lamar , neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral him .
neutral negative ? from the neutral positive neutral , neutral hpositive seems positive neutral positive nothingburger .
what happens if neutral isn't ? what happens if neutral plays games and sits the neutral , thi accruing neutral neutral ? what happens if neutral neutral signs him neutral the neutral and they neutral weeks to neutral ?
intensifier negator positive hnegative .
neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier hpositive things . neutral neutral negator positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative how you neutral negator neutral the neutral and hpositive hnegative neutral those statements .
neutral of those scenarios neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral answers neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative interviews neutral the neutral negative of months . which positive my neutral , neutral positive negator to neutral that hasn't positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral . intensifier neutral bullshit and positive the positive hnegative questions ?
intensifier neutral positive hnegative hnegative . you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
analysts positive positive negative shit to neutral you to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral we neutral neutral .
they neutral negator
if you neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral should neutral ( which neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral hnegative those neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral with neutral they neutral that .
neutral . diminisher neutral qb drafted neutral to hnegative someth with their neutral . richardson has intensifier to hnegative than neutral , neutral with neutral positive positive , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive negative mvp negative positive . negative and stroud neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral that hnegative qbs neutral neutral positive neutral drafted negator . neutral . they neutral neutral to negative goff than neutral neutral lawerence neutral prospects neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral you to the neutral of " clickbait " .
neutral neutral bored and neutral someth to negative neutral , intensifier the shit-flinging ensues until neutral neutral arrives .
positive pre-draft hype , pre-draft negative neutral hnegative teams / neutral offices , neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has neutral hpositive hpositive
neutral neutral has negative hpositive that neutral has hpositive neutral ties lol
neutral neutral negator heard anyon positive that .
negator neutral positive neutral that
richardson positive the neutral negative negative qb neutral the neutral . strongest neutral , positive neutral , positive negative . they hpositive that positive neutral positive drafted to neutral neutral with negative all-star neutral neutral positive mahomes and neutral positive , neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral the neutral negative . and neutral neutral negator neutral with that neutral , neutral neutral should negator hpositive him their neutral neutral
negative neutral happens neutral neutral . neutral neutral mocked neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral drafted the neutral neutral neutral mahomes and watson . neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral knows . neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral the negative , intensifier neutral positive neutral negative negative / hpositive neutral .
negator positive . if you negator neutral of your passes neutral neutral you negator neutral neutral drafted lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral richardson positive hpositive negative neutral willis , neutral neutral , paxton negative etc . neutral qbs neutral touted for their neutral traits neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive qb
for clicks .
gotta positive someth hpositive to neutral you positive
neutral takes neutral clicks
neutral neutral negator neutral him ( negative positive ) neutral neutral neutral tempted to neutral him neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive him neutral to neutral neutral negative . stroud neutral negator neutral neutral when shit breaks positive for neutral . if neutral neutral with that and positive positive concerns neutral negative 's negative neutral could positive putting neutral neutral
neutral positive , if you neutral onto negative neutral neutral that neutral stroud neutral negative neutral positive you positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral for neutral takes neutral neutral them neutral neutral and if you neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral hnegative positive negator remembers .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier that neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative from the cmp% , and neutral neutral positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral of neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( neutral neutral until neutral neutral the paywall ) neutral from neutral pff neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral qb neutral positive intensifier neutral than neutral , and neutral positive gives him the hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral develops the neutral , and neutral neutral of that makes neutral hpositive for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative negative , neutral negator neutral intensifier intensifier than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral qb
intensifier neutral positive positive thi : the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral richardson neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral into neutral neutral dure the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral / neutral neutral neutral . and the takes neutral neutral neutral from them positive that you neutral neutral him neutral neutral intensifier of intensifier qb neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the stat neutral , and that neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral than neutral neutral . intensifier you neutral that with intensifier the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the qb neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral him neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negator . those neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral .
intensifier for clicks neutral thi neutral . thi positive neutral of those threads neutral neutral neutral neutral to years neutral and positive " negative , we hnegative positive negative positive richardson would positive and negative / stroud positive and neutral positive richsrdson positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral qbs that positive intensifier positive , hnegative zach neutral neutral neutral of them . hpositive , neutral positive to neutral clicks . neutral positive if neutral neutral negator positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral diminisher
neutral cares ?
neutral reich if neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral would neutral richardson hpositive neutral neutral what neutral would neutral positive years positive the neutral neutral to toni neutral
becaus neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral
they neutral neutral positive neutral
we neutral reached the clickbait / smokescreen neutral of the neutral neutral . guys with negative questions positive neutral propped neutral . guys with neutral neutral profiles positive neutral nit-picked to neutral . everyth positive with the neutral of neutral negative neutral to neutral someth your neutral wants . richardson positive diminisher neutral qb neutral neutral thi neutral of the neutral - neutral positive negative neutral neutral that neutral lines neutral neutral qb . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral anyth intensifier than neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive lamar jackson+ with intensifier neutral questions neutral intensifier neutral hpositive . if you neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral him for neutral neutral and neutral him - positive neutral you neutral him neutral diminisher of the hnegative guys . neutral neutral neutral and for the neutral neutral - stroud and negative neutral hpositive to neutral prospects . negative has negative concerns . stroud positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative / richardson . stroud neutral has the neutral st qb neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative - those to neutral richardson . richardson neutral has the neutral of neutral neutral - which positive positive hpositive when translating to " negator " of nfl positive . neutral belongs neutral thi neutral negative neutral neutral qb with " traits " neutral neutral and neutral neutral problems . neutral neutral raiders neutral - neutral neutral negator neutral negative mcdaniels to neutral neutral qb " from neutral " positive richardson would neutral . intensifier stroud neutral negative neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral - would neutral where neutral neutral positive . with " newer " regimes neutral neutral houston and neutral - neutral positive positive neutral . neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral positive " andi neutral " neutral " neutral harbaugh " and positive the neutral neutral - positive richardson would neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral seekers positive for clicks and neutral . neutral positive they positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral
jamarcus neutral
becaus neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive tons of neutral neutral to negative neutral the neutral .
you neutral hpositive neutral someth neutral and neutral neutral and the neutral of neutral positive positive neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive called the positive hpositive neutral
neutral to neutral diminisher mocks with neutral 's neutral these mocks neutral neutral positive positive anyth for clicks
neutral / neutral neutral
negator neutral intensifier positive unless they negative headlines . neutral has the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
becaus diminisher neutral with neutral positive neutral wants to neutral positive and positive neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator negative , neutral positive the neutral neutral and that positive neutral that correlates to nfl positive neutral the qb neutral .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that . neutral positive neutral diminisher analysts neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral of positive when you positive articles of “ neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ______ ” when if you neutral anyon they neutral negator hpositive what the negative you neutral negative neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral qb neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive and neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral explained . if neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral negator asking him to neutral you neutral neutral neutral balls to hnegative receivers , neutral neutral negator neutral we would neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive problems . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral 's neutral that neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral to the neutral , thi shit happens neutral neutral
neutral neutral bothers neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive that positive the neutral negative . neutral positive positive anyth . hpositive positive that and neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral these , " neutral neutral neutral neutral " posts . neutral positive hpositive negative neutral negative intensifier negative . neutral positive positive asking neutral neutral neutral says someth they positive . thi positive neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral you to neutral shit that neutral negator negative intensifier you neutral negative neutral shit that neutral negator negative intensifier you neutral neutral shit that neutral negator negative intensifier they neutral neutral you neutral of ads . you neutral thi neutral .
analysts neutral neutral anyth to neutral neutral positive
hnegative . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative and stroud for intensifier neutral they neutral bored and neutral of the neutral takes and neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive into neutral neutral numbers and highlights and neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral them negative
becaus clicks positive how you neutral neutral and " journalists " neutral hpositive hpositive neutral of the sales neutral neutral .
bryce negative has positive praised for neutral neutral iq positive . neutral hpositive where neutral richardson ranks for neutral iq neutral .
neutral we neutral to neutral thi negative neutral neutral neutral ? neutral mitch trubisky neutral neutral bortles neutral negative neutral
thi positive positive the weirdest qb neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral qbs neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral my hnegative and neutral positive neutral diminisher years neutral from neutral neutral hpositive
becaus neutral positive the off-season and the neutral neutral to negative neutral positive neutral agents and the neutral . intensifier neutral views and clicks from neutral neutral positive thi positive neutral that positive neutral
neutral looks intensifier hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral when neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral him ?
neutral neutral neutral my buddies neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : they neutral idiots neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral traits .
neutral the fuck positive neutral that
neutral positive hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral into the intensifier nfl neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative if thi has positive neutral / asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive progressions ? the videos neutral neutral positive shows him positive neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral hnegative hpositive positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral intensifier seems positive richardson 's negative positive intensifier neutral overrated , becaus negative negative positive negator that hpositive for the qb neutral . neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral qbs and positive neutral neutral the greatest " neutral " qbs . neutral negator neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral to neutral neutral to positive the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for qbs . the neutral negator negative neutral willis' neutral to the neutral neutral they positive him neutral the when the positive neutral and podcast neutral neutral negative neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral nate tice loves neutral richardson for neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive loves richardson . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive positive neutral neutral for clicks . \*a lot\* of them hpositive arich and positive neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive .
and thi positive neutral negative neutral neutral gets . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive qbs ! neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive intensifier negator negative to neutral richardson neutral neutral positive negator diminisher negative neutral neutral hpositive becaus you neutral with neutral .
>it neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral we neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral starts to neutral hpositive neutral we neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral we neutral neutral weeks neutral and teams neutral hpositive things neutral to their neutral . intensifier neutral outlets and what neutral you neutral neutral neutral negative points and neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral , insiders neutral to neutral intensifier scoops and we neutral neutral intensifier neutral . positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that stingley would neutral neutral gardner , neutral neutral would positive they neutral nuts . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral that started neutral rumored , and of neutral neutral positive what happened .
the offseason positive negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive checking /r/nfl for signings .
positive coaches and gm 's positive positive / neutral negative shit to neutral to neutral smokescreens . neutral of what we neutral neutral neutral positive negative .
yup . neutral neutral years of negative negative ones ( neutral / tlaw ) they neutral positive negative neutral fuck the neutral neutral neutral seasons
> richardson has intensifier to hnegative than neutral , neutral with neutral positive positive , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive negative mvp negative positive . my positive with that neutral of neutral positive that neutral positive to neutral intensifier shortened neutral .
neutral ? neutral and negative positive negator drafted for their positive negative neutral hnegative of hnegative neutral neutral / / hpositive . neutral neutral , positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the analysts neutral neutral positive , positive negator the positive neutral neutral of thi neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral of the hnegative neutral negative qbs neutral negative neutral traits neutral neutral positive the neutral .
neutral neutral . timo riskee from pff , neutral mcdonald from hnegative , and neutral solak from the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi .
negative neutral would neutral positive neutral negative of neutral udfa
neutral willis positive negative neutral neutral comp . neutral neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral playing the neutral .
you neutral that neutral neutral against fsu neutral negator negative you ?
zach neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral ? neutral what neutral ? we hpositive neutral shit neutral neutral neutral negative
richardson started neutral . neutral neutral the stats for hnegative neutral 's neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral years neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral positive positive to neutral him neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral byu .
neutral neutral when they positive reporting neutral travon neutral neutral neutral for neutral those clicks
op cared neutral to hpositive neutral neutral , neutral negative .
that positive becaus neutral brugler knows what the negative neutral positive negative neutral . when neutral says someth / talks neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral , everyon should neutral neutral .
intensifier where neutral richardson neutral neutral that neutral ?
arif hasan ( neutral neutral with the neutral until thi neutral ) has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator paywall and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral +some positive info neutral .
neutral neutral , you neutral neutral my posts neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive richardson becaus neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral negative , negator becaus neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral for him sinc the fall…if neutral neutral negator positive neutral him , neutral positive would negator neutral and neutral myself to the comments neutral neutral haha ** ( positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator tice neutral dj neutral brugler , and negator neutral their negative , hpositive positive from my neutral pov ) **
positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral guys neutral positive that richardsons tapes exonerates him for intensifier of the neutral neutral failures , and that the negator of playmakers positive neutral and hpositive neutral positive what neutral them neutral . negator negative hnegative neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral checks neutral multistop
neutral intensifier positive thi with the panthers . neutral neutral saints neutral , richardson positive the qb neutral neutral the neutral scared of the panthers neutral becaus if neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral to neutral with neutral the neutral . neutral if neutral neutral neutral panthers neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral with the negative that neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative negative with neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral that positive neutral negative neutral lol . neutral neutral hpositive positive the hardest neutral to neutral . we neutral negator positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive the greatest neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral that puts him neutral with the neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive opinions . the neutral positive neutral stroud neutral bryce neutral neutral richardson 's neutral positive neutral to hpositive analysts / neutral offices / coaches neutral neutral that intensifier intensifier . neutral neutral hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral of neutral teams you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral the neutral qb 's neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative how neutral hpositive you neutral neutral hnegative . richardson positive neutral of the positive athletes to neutral the qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral negative . if neutral neutral neutral positive him , neutral could neutral neutral . these guys neutral hpositive neutral neutral " richardson positive my neutral neutral intensifier that , if neutral years neutral neutral into the positive qb neutral the neutral , they neutral neutral neutral and neutral " neutral you intensifier ! " if neutral flames neutral , they neutral to positive " neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral that neutral " and neutral neutral . you neutral neutral listened to their takes , clicked neutral their articles , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral their info , and that makes them neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that negative
if hpositive , neutral hpositive to neutral clicks and neutral neutral negative . everyon knows hes negator neutral neutral makes him neutral positive ( neutral terms of the neutral neutral for qbs ) and neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of seattle neutral detroit to neutral him neutral hes negator gonna neutral the qb neutral .
neutral positive neutral of negative how neutral neutral neutral “ ummmm ackchyually negator positive neutral that ” adds intensifier anyth to thi neutral neutral of messages neutral thi subreddit . neutral if you neutral with neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for clicks ( which dipshits neutral r/nfl neutral neutral neutral negative of storylines that neutral neutral to neutral hpositive ) , you would neutral to diminisher intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that that hnegative intensifier neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral 's neutral stats . neutral neutral neutral the neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral drafted neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral 's hpositive their jr seasons , neutral their neutral neutral . neutral , games played comp % , neutral yards . td , ints . neutral yards , avg per neutral , richardson , games played comp % , neutral yards , tds , yards neutral , avg per neutral , tds . positive hnegative for neutral positive richardson played neutral the neutral , neutral stats would neutral negative neutral my hnegative if neutral played neutral the mtn neutral multistop neutral that yards per neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral and runs neutral and hnegative neutral . neutral positive neutral passers neutral neutral and if richardson neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral the nfl , with neutral neutral skills , neutral positive has neutral hpositive to positive . we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative from him neutral neutral , and neutral positive multistop positive you neutral him neutral neutral and neutral him neutral . neutral neutral positive the hype and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi would neutral positive neutral fields neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral would neutral negative to neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral neutral hpositive looked hpositive neutral the neutral
thi neutral 's negative positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral has negator to neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral experts neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral updates neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive that neutral until the neutral of the neutral .
they neutral him neutral neutral neutral from
neutral neutral
positive neutral to neutral that neutral thi subreddit neutral gets neutral quoting neutral scores to you and neutral you the neutral positive negator someth worthwhile if neutral positive positive you richardson positive good…
neutral positive neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator hnegative to neutral the neutral and neutral him negative gimme throws . neutral hpositive him becaus if neutral positive positive to hnegative neutral issues , neutral could positive neutral the positive qb neutral the neutral neutral positive years .
neutral neutral neutral them to neutral intensifier neutral neutral . my neutral hasn't positive to neutral intensifier neutral with our neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral . neutral would neutral years of hpositive qb neutral for neutral diminisher hpositive years that positive neutral my neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
neutral hpositive to neutral negative neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive than negative / stroud .
>but neutral positive negative neutral negative . negator of the neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral positive " negative neutral negative " fwiw .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive hnegative to diminisher neutral that richardson positive neutral positive negator neutral you neutral to neutral from the neutral neutral positive neutral willis , neutral positive positive negative to positive and if neutral positive interviewing neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral iq / positive neutral for neutral , you negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . has the positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . and hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . justin fields positive negative dogshit neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive things neutral with neutral negative neutral .
positive neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive from mocking him neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral bryce with the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral of the negative .
you gotta neutral that thi neutral website positive neutral neutral the lowest neutral positive
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive neutral than negative / stroud . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral than neutral of them . neutral positive neutral that negator stroud negator negative has separated themselv from the hnegative positive neutral neutral from the neutral of neutral neutral . the prospects that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative / stroud neutral neutral .
neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral those neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral negator neutral the articles intensifier if theyr neutral neutral positive , neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral hnegative athleticisin . neutral could neutral the neutral that could neutral negative neutral positive wr neutral neutral if neutral positive to negative neutral neutral qb . and the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral hpositive gonna neutral to neutral to neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than negative / stroud neutral that positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral wherea negative / stroud neutral negator . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral negative the neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative negative qb 's you neutral comparing him to . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral and has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . what positive neutral him neutral positive neutral hpositive , hpositive to positive defenses , and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative and stroud than neutral positive to neutral richardson , negative neutral , neutral neutral mahomes , neutral positive neutral neutral specimens neutral diminisher positive neutral their neutral careers . neutral : intensifier of hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral to anyon neutral thi neutral neutral of messages becaus neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier bothered neutral neutral disagreeing with him that neutral negative neutral .
negator neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive the panthers *should* neutral richardson neutral , negator that they neutral neutral to neutral .
we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . scouts neutral hpositive , hpositive to positive defenses , and neutral neutral into neutral when evaluating prospects . neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral hnegative . negative neutral neutral of the negative regarded prospects neutral and neutral positive negator diminisher hnegative neutral neutral .
ah , neutral , neutral negator positive the articles . if that their hnegative , neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ars athleticisim . neutral neutral neutral should neutral stroud / negative and neutral seattle / detroit neutral neutral if they positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive than what they neutral neutral neutral to years .
negative intensifier positive negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral justin neutral . you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral of the negative negative hs recruits of neutral neutral negator neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral hnegative , hpositive him to neutral . neutral we positive negative neutral neutral and richardson . would you neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral them ?
the neutral you replied to neutral neutral mahomes negative . neutral we neutral negator hpositive negative neutral negative neutral negative , we neutral including neutral positive — guys that neutral hpositive neutral throws . neutral would neutral neutral positive neutral negative negative neutral positive which positive what thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
wheres the " neutral positive neutral " neutral neutral logan neutral meme neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral hpositive zay flowers and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . seems neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral him neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral than neutral neutral .
>new england has the negator . neutral , neutral weeks from positive . which positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral for positive picks neutral the rounds
intensifier positive negative positive neutral positive england neutral neutral
neutral , neutral the logan neutral neutral neutral neutral meme , stat !
neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral wr for bc . would negator neutral surprised if the neutral has positive neutral zay neutral for years and encourages belichick to hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral , neutral jsn neutral neutral neutral neutral texans .
neutral the neutral hnegative neutral years neutral would hpositive to neutral diminisher positive negative neutral weapons neutral the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive wr from thi neutral neutral .
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral , your neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl . neutral negative him
that means neutral neutral positive weeks to neutral neutral neutral positive players from negator neutral schools for when we neutral positive to neutral and neutral diminisher neutral that negator neutral expected ( im neutral neutral linebacker )
neutral positive neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of dj neutral neutral zay . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral
flowers intensifier neutral could neutral the positive wr neutral thi neutral . positive , neutral positive positive hpositive neutral , neutral intensifier neutral that ( amari neutral ) neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral him neutral to the patriots than the chargers that positive for hnegative .
hnegative neutral the neutral for neutral neutral that hnegative negator neutral neutral you
neutral positive jsn neutral my neutral and shoulders neutral wr thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral jsn positive neutral the positive neutral flowers neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral picks has hpositive neutral neutral of positive . the neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , and their neutral positive , positive intensifier hnegative .
negator neutral negative my lips neutral quentin johnston neutral neutral the neutral wr
fsu neutral neutral , thi neutral positive neutral . neutral of the diminisher players that hpositive jumps neutral when neutral . reminds neutral of neutral harvin neutral diminisher . the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral becaus we could negator . if neutral neutral neutral neutral , the hype for him would neutral hnegative . neutral of the positive negative wrs neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative bc teams .
neutral neutral to grabbing zay neutral jsn , and neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral positive my neutral neutral .
thi neutral of neutral cracks neutral neutral . " neutral travels for neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . " what neutral you neutral the neutral of neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral when bc played neutral neutral . neutral impressed the shit outta neutral . you could hpositive neutral neutral positive negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral , neutral to neutral him intensifier sought-after neutral .
neutral , neutral positive negative neutral to the neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral
zay positive neutral , neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral and neutral years neutral ?
neutral 's positive neutral issues with neutral neutral neutral we hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral runs neutral neutral
neutral positive players neutral played neutral negative neutral stadiums neutral positive neutral positive neutral qb
neutral positive thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral hype ?
intensifier , we neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral with positive positive into our neutral with hnegative to neutral picks and neutral neutral hoping neutral falls to neutral .
the pats could neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral and neutral would neutral positive , they neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral falls to neutral if we neutral negator neutral bijan
hnegative diminisher neutral jsn positive our
neutral neutral hpositive wr positive neutral the neutral ? negator neutral
you hpositive neutral wr positive neutral to neutral when the patriots neutral them . hnegative zay
florio 's neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
negator for negator neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral logan and neutral neutral (
rumors neutral of the neutral neutral practices positive that they neutral intensifier neutral hpositive with the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral sinc the patriots neutral negator demonstrated neutral hpositive to neutral them .
they neutral gunna neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral wr that positive .
they neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral picks , which neutral positive studs ( dugger and positive ) intensifier neutral neutral hoping they hnegative neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
that the neutral neutral , the positive neutral positive to positive neutral neutral neutral that could neutral positive neutral the neutral rounds becaus neutral positive negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
you hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier wideout neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative that neutral of those neutral neutral picks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral .
thi positive the nfl 's positive neutral negative when neutral neutral to comp picks , neutral hpositive my positive teams neutral thi .
neutral positive neutral
neutral positive the positive reciever neutral neutral rn / neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral meme ? neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier
intensifier if they neutral stroud
positive positive texans neutral neutral qb and wr neutral to and
neutral neutral neutral jsn positive of thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative issues neutral overexaggerated and that positive ( garrett ) neutral and olave neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral n'play . flowers could intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive to neutral him neutral neutral neutral against louisville with my neutral and we positive neutral negative neutral neutral him . intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral falls to our neutral neutral would neutral stoked to neutral him sinc jsn positive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive . neutral positive if neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . bc neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral him and jsn imo
negator hpositive the pats neutral the positive wr
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive prob neutral neutral positive
if neutral played hnegative neutral , positive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral touted neutral the neutral wr neutral
neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive ain't hnegative multistop
idk , neutral the bears neutral neutral hpositive to neutral wr , if they neutral negator neutral robinson . texans neutral neutral mocked neutral to neutral neutral wr neutral diminisher positive pats neutral cornerback .
ryan , kuechly , simmons , landry , dillon , raji , castonzo… the neutral positive we neutral positive neutral neutral cherilus
neutral neutral positive positive neutral campbell from neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral belichick positive neutral
neutral , positive our neutral and unless diminisher negative happens we positive negator neutral neutral neutral . if anyth we neutral neutral to neutral positive becaus of our neutral neutral . we neutral them cheapie players lol
neutral positive intensifier neutral lol
jsn positive positive neutral and shoulders the positive wr neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral and neutral . flowers positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from bc neutral neutral positive hpositive
jsn positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral zay flowers would neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral , unless neutral of the neutral tackles neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive for hnegative , neutral neutral could neutral intensifier for the neutral to neutral neutral neutral skoronski ( johnson positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral positive )
my neutral positive neutral neutral with the bucs that includes evans neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral .
jsn positive neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral the neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral zay positive positive neutral neutral neutral if you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral them when you neutral . we neutral neutral neutral of picks thi neutral positive , neutral positive neutral negative negator grabbing neutral intensifier and using diminisher for neutral ups to positive hnegative neutral deals .
you neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? !
neutral addison , neutral neutral positive !
lmao negator neutral positive negator
neutral , that positive negator the neutral neutral neutral
mens' neutral neutral neutral someth neutral . those neutral legs could neutral negative neutral .
neutral positive negative how we could neutral guys positive jule and welker positive neutral our neutral neutral wrs neutral neutral neutral busts .
>the neutral positive neutral neutral of positive neutral hpositive with players neutral all-star games for the texans . intensifier neutral negator of them neutral neutral neutral hpositive
the patriots neutral negator neutral neutral receivers . neutral the neutral diminisher years , the neutral of wr drafted neutral the neutral rounds positive neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and n'keal negative . that positive the neutral neutral . positive , neutral flopped intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral wr hits positive becaus they hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral wr . neutral neutral johnson ? that neutral friggen neutral to hpositive : neutral tyquan thornton neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to hnegative and neutral neutral the heck negative patricia and joe neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral hnegative to the rbs ) , intensifier neutral omitted him .
positive to neutral you positive multistop neutral neutral thi and my neutral positive neutral " neutral negative zay positive neutral to positive positive " .
neutral could positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral of the wrs that neutral to neutral . intensifier hnegative we neutral positive neutral of the neutral wrs thi neutral neutral visits positive . hnegative our neutral neutral of wr neutral choices is… diminisher than hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral into the positive of neutral neutral wr positive neutral negative hpositive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations we could neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of johnson , , skoronski neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral . unless diminisher neutral projected neutral falls to neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of them . would negator neutral intensifier hnegative with witherspoon ( neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral neutral what neutral neutral hpositive ) , , neutral brian neutral . we hpositive neutral positive neutral holes neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral we positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral we could neutral positive with
neutral positive neutral positive negative the qb neutral neutral the neutral picks . neutral neutral positive witherspoon could def neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral ots .
which positive negative becaus the positive neutral of rounders neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral
my positive positive when neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral we neutral hnegative positive neutral the neutral ? intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral lmao .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative , you neutral referring to positive ? neutral intensifier neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive england positive , you hpositive , neutral guards positive drafted neutral the neutral ? you neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral would've positive positive and when . neutral " neutral " positive nakobe neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral lb hnegative the neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral . and neutral neutral neutral examples of the neutral neutral their negative drafts and predictions hnegative . the neutral , neutral intensifier diminisher neutral , hpositive negator intensifier than we neutral neutral neutral our couches .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral patricia neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral their org . thi sounds hpositive positive him and quinn
seems to neutral the neutral neutral for him to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral takes negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive positive wr neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral the neutral and fourths takes neutral neutral cb 's and neutral neutral neutral looks positive could neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral
>thats the neutral neutral , the positive neutral positive to positive neutral neutral neutral that could neutral positive neutral the neutral rounds becaus neutral positive negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral of those approaches neutral neutral tbh ; neutral trades neutral neutral the neutral , and positive takes chances neutral the neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral of the neutral sinc ( neutral neutral ) the neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral laurenc maroney neutral the and neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lol . neutral that neutral started neutral neutral diminisher negative hpositive neutral negative . hpositive neutral neutral to positive my neutral : tavon neutral neutral drafted neutral the neutral neutral multistop that neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral that neutral ? gronkowski hnegative hnegative of neutral neutral , drafted neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral things the neutral neutral wants . neutral neutral for that positive , neutral hpositive , neutral the neutral years , neutral positive neutral himself neutral . neutral negative positive that when neutral misses , neutral **misses** multistop hnegative . neutral neutral with the positive neutral negative .
dudes intensifier neutral and has negative playmak hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of cd neutral similarities and neutral positive gonna neutral negative thi neutral positive to that hnegative . neutral neutral with you that neutral positive neutral thi neutral , albeit negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
hnegative if texans gets cj stroud and jsn . neutral teammates neutral negative neutral and neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral
negator neutral bijan neutral that positive to the bears . rbs hpositive neutral negator neutral the positive picks . bears neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral the trenches . neutral neutral they neutral o-line . neutral could neutral the eagles neutral for him with neutral of their picks , if neutral neutral that positive , becaus they neutral intensifier stacked and neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral kuechly negative that neutral neutral and positive . what neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral positive to neutral neutral the lombardi multistop
bc positive boys neutral hpositive
hpositive . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral steve neutral for negative . to neutral , neutral positive positive neutral would neutral neutral intensifier from neutral diminisher bulking neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth , neutral for neutral neutral diminisher flowers neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral positive of negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral waddle and tyreek
they positive neutral neutral neutral negative reaches neutral they neutral neutral hnegative - neutral guys .
welker positive neutral years neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral traded to the pats
neutral positive neutral malcom neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral wrs neutral the neutral positive years , and they positive neutral **massive** reaches . neutral neutral has diminisher to neutral with positive neutral and neutral intensifier intensifier with whomev neutral evaluating these guys . flowers , neutral the neutral , everyon seems to neutral positive positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
tyquan showed intensifier flashes neutral neutral than nkeal has neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral means neutral neutral neutral wr with neutral neutral wr to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral you guys grabbing neutral neutral positive cedric tillman , negative downs , marvin mims jr , etc . neutral neutral brian neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for you guys neutral neutral .
hnegative positive neutral hpositive “ neutral neutral ” and neutral looks to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive dugger neutral “ neutral neutral ” that everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral has positive neutral neutral .
when 's the neutral neutral neutral of bills neutral neutral picks neutral neutral bullseye ? neutral neutral negator neutral the pats negative hnegative unless they neutral neutral the sb lmao
hpositive becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral hears neutral the debates for players and defers to bills expertise . neutral positive neutral diminisher picks neutral loves and diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral neutral trusts the gm
you neutral negator neutral the neutral would neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral 's neutral qb for neutral neutral the neutral seasons vs when they neutral hpositive positive to neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral could neutral intensifier exerted neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral drafted neutral hpositive qb neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . negator hnegative what your neutral positive .
negative drafts neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral players . the hnegative neutral positive everyon assumes those negative drafts neutral neutral hnegative to what teams neutral neutral their neutral and neutral neutral the neutral that they neutral hpositive intensifier than negative nfl gm
neutral positive negator positive neutral the neutral bashing bb positive for neutral dariu neutral neutral the neutral neutral . and positive if you looked neutral the negative drafts for that neutral , the neutral positive him neutral to the pats neutral the first…
neutral neutral , neutral you neutral how hnegative our wr neutral positive neutral doubs ? that positive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral to neutral jsn thi neutral , neutral if neutral means neutral neutral to neutral him .
neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the " burrow-chase neutral " .
that would neutral negative hnegative neutral for neutral from cooks and deshaun to thi
you neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral , , negator my negative neutral . neutral diminisher comments neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
positive neutral sss positive neutral negative among wrs . neutral wrs neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral
neutral intensifier slower and neutral negative .
>they're neutral hnegative - neutral guys . neutral to neutral ? negator neutral , neutral thi positive positive positive . jsn 's neutral neutral neutral with wr neutral hpositive positive the titans and texans - neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral positive negator neutral for the pats neutral neutral neutral neutral picks flowers neutral would negator neutral shocked if neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral shocked if neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive , and depends neutral everyon 's neutral for negative negative neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral neutral negative than neutral would you neutral my neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral the chargers and neutral neutral neutral you could neutral you neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative downs neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive negator knees . which neutral hpositive
negative neutral negator neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral positive him neutral the neutral the neutral that neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive . neutral positive taller/heavier than devonta neutral , for neutral , with positive neutral and neutral intensifier positive hpositive , and neutral has neutral intensifier neutral neutral . idk what that means neutral positive england , neutral neutral would negator neutral shocked for neutral high-end neutral with neutral if neutral neutral neutral hpositive . and neutral positive to negative " low-end lol .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral seems positive the neutral patriots neutral lol . intensifier neutral , played neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . patriots would neutral positive to hpositive where neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . hnegative positive we positive neutral neutral intensifier of those guys neutral our neutral positive . neutral dugger , peppers and phillips , we neutral neutral intensifier of safeties that neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
we neutral *clearly* neutral charli neutral .
neutral neutral seems positive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral could neutral them neutral neutral tbh
neutral for devin mccourtey . when neutral neutral drafted the neutral proclaimed that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral teamer
neutral the neutral neutral positive to neutral !
neutral neutral neutral positive benched for positive neutral hpositive seems to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? and negator neutral complained neutral dugger becaus neutral neutral negator overdrafted multistop
the neutral positive for hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral marcus neutral and zappe , neutral neutral neutral games for neutral neutral neutral
dugger and barmore neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive for neutral rounders , granted barmore has positive hnegative and hasn't positive showed neutral neutral the stat neutral . our neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hightower neutral and neutral and shaq neutral the neutral neutral picks we neutral negative neutral neutral positive to
neutral positive positive the hnegative neutral positive when fans neutral the negative drafts neutral intensifier positive than teams neutral . positive neutral positive mel kipers hnegative of where neutral neutral should neutral drafted intensifier neutral than negative hnegative neutral neutral him ?
signs neutral neutral to him neutral neutral to chicago . neutral positive neutral of neutral positive prospects that the bears neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral mocks with gb neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral watson and negative jsn intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral lands hnegative neutral .
that neutral positive neutral , when the lions positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral for negative to neutral him with jamo .
positive , that positive the neutral multistop hes neutral of the positive talents neutral the neutral , neutral rbs neutral intensifier devalued neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral of the 'contenders' positive neutral neutral someth unless the eagles neutral negative with that negator neutral .
neutral negator negative if neutral positive neutral neutral rb . the neutral of the neutral matters neutral intensifier to neutral rbs succesz neutral positive neutral negator hnegative rb neutral hpositive neutral saquan neutral terms of negative , neutral , and positive neutral that giants neutral sucks neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative wr neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive players than positive picks . for jsn and flowers to neutral neutral neutral , someth neutral would neutral to neutral . positive neutral - qb / dl / cb / ot neutral neutral the neutral would neutral to neutral neutral wr to neutral them neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral you neutral thi neutral 's balls
neutral intensifier positive catches neutral the neutral negative neutral the dolphins' neutral , neutral okay .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral " positive " neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral from the perceived neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral " pro-ready " neutral negator the positive neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the
neutral positive you neutral neutral , neutral outlets positive him positive . neutral hpositive positive him neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral letting my neutral thoughts neutral that neutral diminisher .
comparing him to devonta positive neutral hnegative comp . devanta positive negative positive neutral negative and catches everyth . thornton has diminisher neutral negative neutral neutral neutral wr neutral positive tbd
you positive neutral neutral neutral and you positive positive neutral
neutral negative neutral started neutral neutral with of neutral , neutral penalties and positive “ benched hpositive ” neutral neutral negative neutral , positive neutral positive neutral that .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral . negative patricia neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral could positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral missed neutral . neutral qb missed neutral . neutral lt neutral neutral neutral positive . they positive neutral positive oc ( neutral negative patricia , neutral neutral ) neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral that that neutral positive negator positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral newbie neutral neutral positive neutral among *other* players *also* neutral neutral positive neutral . negator positive neutral neutral for positive negator neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
hpositive neutral again…
bro hnegative neutral positive intensifier hpositive thi neutral wtf lol . neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral neutral sooooo positive when you neutral neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral from neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral .
hightowers positive diminisher negative highlights for hnegative . positive for thi neutral . positive positive to neutral how neutral 's neutral shakes neutral thi neutral , gonna neutral neutral neutral positive !
sounds positive baudrillard 's
neutral negator you guys hpositive neutral for claypool and dj neutral ? neutral neutral stands , your trenches neutral neutral neutral could neutral diminisher positive reinforcements .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral would neutral to neutral . if houston selects stroud , neutral positive neutral would neutral diminisher expected for them to neutral jsn neutral if positive . titans neutral wr neutral , and neutral packers neutral neutral negator neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral doubs neutral the neutral neutral neutral ain't intensifier . neutral could neutral neutral neutral , , neutral for vikings neutral neutral neutral negative of wr neutral teams , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral teams positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral playing the neutral neutral neutral for neutral of these wrs imo . if they neutral neutral of them positive the neutral neutral positive hpositive they hpositive neutral him neutral than negative intensifier neutral neutral .
sinc neutral looked neutral neutral multistop neutral positive catches for yards that neutral , for the neutral neutral that , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive england , catches for yards . intensifier yards and intensifier catches neutral with neutral than neutral neutral neutral years negative . positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive pre neutral rankings that neutral positive him neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral neutral the neutral .
naw , neutral neutral positive perceived neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral could neutral , , and positive hpositive hands neutral neutral iirc . showed negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator of neutral translated to the nfl . intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral . could negator neutral neutral , hands positive negator hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of lobs to . neutral that neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral regarded neutral neutral of the safest wr choices that neutral , and neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral the neutral . we neutral hpositive how that neutral neutral , and the patriots neutral reached neutral negative of hnegative guys . negative hpositive neutral negator neutral of them .
negator neutral neutral neutral . aj and neutral positive the neutral neutral receivers for neutral neutral neutral until dk 's neutral positive . neutral places neutral to neutral jjaw neutral him , negative .
the comp neutral neutral negative becaus neutral neutral neutral thornton positive negative neutral / positive to neutral neutral positive neutral .
hpositive negator
lmfao what multistop ? if you neutral neutral neutral hpositive that means they started intensifier neutral neutral of positive neutral . neutral looked positive neutral positive neutral negative okay neutral for neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral if you neutral neutral frp neutral neutral neutral and they neutral negator positive you neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral hnegative to positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral .
positive sucks , neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral pretending everyth neutral touches neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral diminisher " neutral neutral neutral " positive hpositive hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for chunks of the neutral and to positive that sinc patricia neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral makes positive . positive neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral that positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . my neutral neutral when the neutral neutral neutral neutral that we overdrafted him neutral to rounds neutral if neutral wanted neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral positive negative all-pro . hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral , if that positive what neutral neutral , positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral holds neutral neutral positive that " positive positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral
my thoughts neutral neutral that claypool and mooney neutral neutral neutral for extensions neutral thi neutral . neutral jsn would neutral neutral neutral neutral for and neutral if we neutral negator neutral neutral of those neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral our neutral , moreso than others , neutral to neutral mismatches downfield . fields requires negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive becaus of neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . if we neutral neutral the negative of receiving weapons neutral neutral neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral ) from neutral to neutral , we neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . you negator neutral fields and double-cover neutral receivers negator creating positive neutral holes hnegative neutral
negative neutral hpositive what changed , positive neutral intensifier positive the positive positive england wr neutral neutral and negator anyth neutral
positive if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negator neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral " intensifier " positive positive pre-draft neutral positive hpositive hnegative of neutral folks . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral
intensifier we neutral neutral neutral positive .
for neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral hey if neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral throws neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative .
neutral neutral fans negative neutral thi where they neutral becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral negative positive positive the neutral you neutral neutral neutral ? ! bellicheck neutral neutral neutral presser that they positive him negative neutral to neutral neutral him sinc they neutral neutral negator anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator positive ? neutral hnegative the neutral positive benched hpositive we neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral everyon bitched neutral and positive the neutral neutral neutral our positive linemen lol . oline takes neutral neutral to positive to nfl negative neutral .
neutral
how neutral you positive that ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative that positive negator someth that happens neutral neutral . neutral started neutral games . neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral that… neutral : neutral to pff our rookies positive negative positive neutral of teams neutral neutral positive .
“ looks to neutral neutral neutral ” negator “ neutral neutral neutral ” the neutral jumbling positive hpositive hnegative when the neutral neutral typed positive hpositive neutral diminisher comments neutral .
>problem positive neutral neutral neutral , if that positive what neutral neutral , positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral . the chiefs hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of positive iol neutral hnegative mahomes and establishing neutral hpositive neutral neutral . the bengals neutral years neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral iol neutral allowing neutral donald to neutral hnegative . neutral diminisher positions neutral ol neutral intensifier hpositive than others , neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral , you neutral positive neutral positive hpositive to hpositive hpositive guards neutral neutral the neutral compared to , positive , wr neutral cb , which positive positive , neutral neutral positive hnegative to positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral . we neutral neutral neutral shit neutral lines to hpositive how hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive england should've paid karras negative neutral intensifier neutral positive , neutral negator neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral if positive ends neutral neutral top-tier neutral neutral negative neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral and klemm neutral neutral upgrades compared to negative patricia and neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . positive positions neutral zilch if you negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral exposes your qb to intensifier hits . hpositive neutral neutral how that positive neutral for them .
hnegative the neutral that positive brady neutral neutral the neutral , and that *any* neutral neutral neutral brady **immediately** became neutral neutral neutral ( to nfl fans neutral neutral ) . that neutral , welker neutral neutral neutral the positive of them multistop for neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral to neutral to neutral neutral lmao , hats hnegative to you negative positive for having negative neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive negator neutral that neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral coincided with when our neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
>why neutral fans negative neutral thi where they neutral becaus you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral negative positive positive the neutral you neutral neutral neutral ? ! becaus neutral neutral / rb / neutral hnegative intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral , that positive intensifier the neutral . if you neutral picking neutral neutral that intensifier neutral negator negative neutral the neutral neutral and they neutral negator negative positive neutral you positive neutral neutral someth that positive neutral positive and negative neutral hnegative avenues . >bellicheck neutral neutral neutral presser that they positive him negative neutral to neutral neutral him sinc they neutral neutral negator anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator positive ? neutral >yeah hnegative the neutral positive benched hpositive we neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral everyon bitched neutral and positive the neutral neutral neutral our positive linemen lol . oline takes neutral neutral to positive to nfl negative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative you neutral replying to the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral that positive hpositive negator hpositive becaus they benched him neutral neutral games for neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral . that neutral negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral means neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive hnegative .
neutral the neutral neutral and you neutral neutral hnegative lmfao
neutral positive neutral how neutral neutral positive having neutral hpositive ol positive negator neutral negative neutral . diminisher reminds neutral of how our fans positive positive “ you negator neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral thuney ! ” and positive neutral , arguably the leagues positive neutral positive , neutral positive “ neutral my neutral ! ”
haha negator worries . neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral of the neutral " naw " positive neutral to neutral with neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the positive , and positive if you neutral negator positive him that positive neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral him neutral neutral intensifier positive
neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative to neutral when fans neutral positive “ omg we neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral and when neutral positive negator they neutral intensifier positive and positive neutral sucks becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative years of neutral . they negator neutral into neutral neutral , positive of neutral neutral , neutral boards , neutral the neutral neutral the neutral they neutral etc etc . neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral when thi thi neutral plays . they neutral positive negator that neutral neutral neutral talents neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of neutral neutral hpositive guys and diminisher neutral positive . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral ? ! you neutral guards neutral neutral neutral ? !
“ looks to neutral neutral neutral ” negator “ neutral neutral neutral ” the neutral jumbling positive hpositive hnegative when the neutral neutral typed positive hpositive neutral diminisher comments neutral .
“ neutral neutral negator neutral into neutral shit ” what neutral neutral
“ they positive negator neutral neutral him to neutral , shit , neutral looks positive the neutral of the neutral for the saints ” intensifier neutral neutral lines neutral thi , neutral positive the negative neutral neutral neutral
hnegative thi neutral your neutral lol
thi positive positive low-key neutral funnier than the playoffs neutral
hey u/nfl , neutral hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of jim mora rants ? negator neutral neutral positive negator neutral of them to negative neutral neutral neutral minutes
if you neutral negator hpositive jim mora , you hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral
neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the pr answers we neutral neutral .
neutral of my earliest memories positive of neutral saints neutral neutral neutral my neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral saints neutral . mora neutral hpositive . my mom shouts , " y'all , jim mora positive positive ! " and everyon neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi negative , neutral neutral .
neutral ? neutral ?
thi positive the positive mora positive .
jim mora 's rants neutral intensifier neutral becaus they neutral negator bob-knight-style hnegative , neutral diminisher diminisher of the purest self-loathing and hnegative you positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral higher-energy neutral of that " neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral anymore " neutral from neutral neutral you should neutral .
you neutral negator negative neutral neutral 's to neutral neutral 's actions , neutral positive you neutral negator neutral into the neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral hnegative the neutral negative neutral and you neutral negator ~~mess around~~ neutral the playoffs to jim .
jim mora positive the neutral motherfucker
neutral neutral neutral the negative fans neutral ? what neutral positive thi , how neutral the saints and chiefs neutral that neutral , etc ? neutral : neutral neutral says neutral neutral neutral neutral and that the saints neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral : neutral hpositive positive intensifier jim mora and neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral positive hpositive " shit " , " neutral " , " neutral " , " hnegative " , and " negative " ,
the positive neutral positive that the " playoffs ? ! " positive positive neutral the neutral neutral of mora 's rants . my negative positive neutral of him positive when neutral for asking if the neutral that the neutral neutral positive negator playoff implications positive anyth . the neutral where neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral thoughts neutral hpositive hpositive positive neutral neutral " neutral , and negative neutral " dure neutral heated neutral with neutral positive hnegative and makes neutral neutral neutral neutral .
" neutral we neutral anybodi neutral neutral positive " lmao neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral has neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral . and neutral pressers neutral neutral neutral with the positive of neutral neutral .
jim mora , the neutral of neutral neutral
#legend
neutral neutral negative negative hpositive interviews lmao . positive negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the saints . hes positive neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive starts negative : “ neutral what happened boys ? that neutral neutral we positive our neutral kicked ”
neutral neutral aints
neutral my neutral hnegative neutral thi bro .
okay , neutral neutral you neutral yous neutral hpositive the playoffs ?
kc neutral him , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral
thi positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral gonna neutral to neutral hc shitting neutral neutral neutral neutral lol .
the " neutral of the neutral " neutral neutral gets neutral multistop neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
gotta hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol
shit , neutral of the neutral for the saints . haha . neutral neutral him when neutral neutral negative neutral negative negative to neutral these gems .
the neutral neutral positive my positive mora neutral , and neutral positive neutral hpositive for the fans neutral neutral positive for the neutral . negator hpositive to neutral , neutral the hpositive hpositive the neutral :
jim mora . saints neutral .
neutral positive positive the neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral jim mora .
positive hpositive bloopers sounds positive neutral positive porn positive neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral . playoffs ? ! ? ! ? !
neutral diminisher feelings positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator . neutral neutral neutral .
“ neutral neutral you neutral into account… “ “ neutral neutral negator neutral into neutral shit . they kicked our neutral . that positive what neutral neutral into neutral . ”
hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive thi neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . % of neutral players would neutral negative trades neutral their feelings positive hnegative .
jim mora neutral neutral intensifier neutral
hpositive neutral diminisher jim mora
jim mora could neutral neutral counted neutral to positive what neutral positive .
horseshit .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral youtube neutral neutral . " playoffs ? , you neutral talkin playoffs ? "
neutral neutral neutral neutral coaches
" positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative multistop neutral "
goddamn , neutral neutral these types of intensifier neutral pressers . fuck neutral that neutral neutral shit , neutral wanna hpositive how you intensifier positive . neutral neutral positive , neutral
jim mora : hnegative neutral , neutral positive reels
neutral positive the intensifier neutral of the neutral byte , neutral positive neutral negative games positive neutral hpositive
thi positive how neutral hpositive intensifier coaches talked . hpositive and letting them hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral of the neutral everybodi which positive hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive when they neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral and strangled the neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral thi positive neutral . those aints teams positive intensifier hnegative .
saints neutral their neutral positive
“ playoffs multiquestion multiexclamation ”
“ we positive guys… ”
how neutral neutral negator neutral thi . thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral quotes
what neutral neutral
playoffs ? !
neutral neutral liked neutral hpositive .
neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral
what neutral neutral thi and what neutral the saints neutral that neutral ?
positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral players neutral motivated neutral that neutral . / neutral
playoffs ?
" neutral shit "
intensifier neutral , , neutral neutral coaches positive mora hpositive
playoffs ? you neutral negative neutral playoffs ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral the cheddar neutral for positive camps .
neutral thi should neutral neutral r/oldschoolcool !
jw , what neutral positive they scrimmaging against ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral to positive neutral with tommi stowers . tommi neutral the positive neutral neutral our positive neutral neutral ( hickman mills , kansas neutral , which neutral negator neutral anymore ) neutral neutral neutral . if you positive neutral him neutral and how neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , you positive neutral intensifier astonished neutral how positive neutral neutral neutral players neutral .
playoffs positive hpositive
" and we positive neutral neutral that gets neutral nut-knee negative neutral " xd
the neutral neutral of belichick
neutral positive positive neutral belichick could neutral neutral diminisher of these neutral comments neutral neutral .
anyon hpositive what neutral thi neutral from and how the saints neutral that neutral ?
hpositive neutral negator neutral asked him neutral the playoffs .
playoffs multiquestion playoffs ? ! ? neutral negator negative neutral playoffs ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral multiexclamation
semper fi
shit neutral neutral negator hpositive if that positive neutral neutral negator
sounds positive someth neutral tim robinson neutral would neutral
neutral to positive the neutral thing… f-ing neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral into neutral shit . neutral neutral to neutral when my neutral positive negator positive hnegative neutral 's lives and neutral neutral stinks , neutral mora .

neutral horseshit , " horseshit neutral neutral " to neutral neutral .
" neutral negator neutral into neutral diddly-poo "
neutral neutral what neutral intensifier neutral jim
neutral neutral neutral neutral fumbles “ neutral shit neutral neutral ” from neutral neutral lol
neutral positive neutral neutral mckay would positive neutral neutral .
“ you're intensifier shitty that the hnegative neutral neutral negator negative you , and we neutral intensifier shitty that you neutral the positive we neutral positive ” uh , positive neutral
atleast neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral for him
neutral sounds positive my neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive the balls to neutral him neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral 's negative neutral himself , neutral the neutral ? “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral neutral positive neutral you that . negator neutral neutral for shit , neutral neutral neutral for shit , hpositive neutral hnegative negative for neutral neutral neutral . ”
neutral hpositive neutral thi to my neutral becaus thi positive intensifier neutral when neutral hnegative neutral neutral lolllll neutral positive - neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral . we hnegative
thi positive what neutral coaches neutral neutral those neutral positive positive , & what neutral intensifier of positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral doors .
and diddly poo positive the positive of them neutral
neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral positive . that positive neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral russo . neutral positive gives neutral diminisher neutral rants .
playoffs neutral positive positive iverson positive , intensifier hpositive
" what neutral you neutral of your neutral 's neutral ? " " i'm neutral positive of neutral . " hpositive diminisher neutral mckay neutral neutral .
negator of that dick-tugging , smile-for-the-camera bullshit .
for what neutral positive neutral , neutral coached the philadelphia / neutral stars to neutral neutral usfl negative games and neutral neutral of them .
neutral hpositive neutral coaches would hpositive neutral intensifier . neutral intensifier of thi from the neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive you gonna negative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral shit
hpositive to nfl , neutral that positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral shrewsberry , the penn neutral neutral 's neutral neutral . that neutral positive neutral neutral shit . neutral keeps neutral intensifier and pulls punches . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral conferences
closest neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral joe neutral 's hnegative " hnegative neutral " positive . neutral neutral negator positive that neutral neutral positive shurmur neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral respects that neutral neutral neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations we hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , we negative neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral , *scrimmage*

neutral for intensifier . hes negator diminisher negative , hes negator neutral neutral the neutral , hes intensifier positive , neutral hpositive negator neutral words , neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral rants where neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral when neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral
iirc we neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral off-season neutral we traded positive swilling for the neutral we neutral to neutral willi roaf . neutral neutral , neutral neutral our dpoy olb for neutral hof lt neutral neutral neutral neutral . seems positive the diminisher neutral that would positive neutral neutral neutral for years of positive , neutral ?
positive neutral the positive lb neutral of neutral neutral
the neutral neutral 's
sounds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral
that neutral **glorious** neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , positive !
lmao the neutral positive neutral neutral fucks neutral the neutral .
>the " playoffs ? ! " positive positive neutral the neutral neutral of mora 's rants for neutral neutral neutral the high-pitched negative of " playoffs " that puts neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral neutral " hyahhh " neutral positive the positive negative unhinged neutral diminisher than the neutral .
the anti-tony robins .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral that positive and positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral saints neutral neutral neutral that hnegative .
thi positive the neutral that positive them to neutral the bags multistop those positive swilling / ironhead heyward teams positive legit .
they neutral that neutral lol
lmao you positive neutral to neutral youtube those scenes . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral - that neutral neutral intensifier neutral
jim mora neutral negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . the players would neutral becaus they positive wanted to positive someth .
you neutral that neutral neutral the usfl 's lombardi .
that neutral neutral bleeping hnegative !
tf neutral that neutral
the neutral thi neutral neutral neutral the saints neutral
- - - - for neutral neutral for ^ ( reddit neutral ^ ( neutral neutral
neutral positive horseshit neutral neutral , neutral hpositive that .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive which neutral ( coffins ) you neutral referring to
neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier shit .
neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral toni robins . neutral neutral neutral neutral jim mora neutral .
adding neutral to my anti-anxiety mantras .
mckay ?
neutral your neutral intensifier neutral neutral into neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
that positive the nicest neutral anyon 's neutral neutral to neutral .
positive thi the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral becaus the neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
thi positive neutral my neutral of mora . positive , neutral these rants neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral positive hnegative . you neutral the neutral neutral jim ,
the positive neutral positive the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral hpositive starts neutral neutral
" we could negator hpositive neutral neutral positive , we could negator neutral the neutral , we neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral , we could negator neutral neutral neutral multistop we sucked . " positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral heard neutral neutral positive followed neutral neutral " i'm intensifier negative and intensifier hnegative . "
intensifier , although neutral positive thi neutral becaus the neutral neutral talks to the reporters positive the neutral neutral you positive negative with your coworkers neutral neutral blue-collar neutral neutral .
" neutral neutral neutral neutral crashes and we neutral neutral the playoffs . "
neutral neutral quotes positive hpositive , positive . negative negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral thrived neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive the hnegative . you neutral thi neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral seconds neutral hpositive neutral sources and fans online . neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive to neutral your neutral positive and neutral to the neutral neutral . the internet sterilized and neutered the neutral , and everyth neutral for that negative .
from the neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher bored of everyon neutral neutral neutral suckass .
everyon says that until neutral positive happens . neutral complained that arians criticized neutral neutral players negative neutral
neutral hebert neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher sucked
the positive neutral ! intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral . all-pro players and negative pro-bowler that neutral . you positive them , the parcells giants neutral , and neutral the steelers and bears . neutral my hnegative neutral positive the positive neutral and giants competing for the neutral neutral , neutral becaus lt neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral intensifier neutral linebacking neutral than what the saints positive . neutral gotta neutral the neutral to the saints neutral . hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive .
those positive neutral teams
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative the saints their neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral them to the playoffs neutral hpositive ( although they negator neutral ) .
neutral would positive to neutral yourself
hpositive means coaches could positive neutral they wanted neutral of thi hpositive , neutral neutral that the neutral neutral positive adopting . when positive the laat neutral you neutral heard someth positive from neutral neutral ? mora neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negative , neutral demoralizing to neutral for neutral hey positive for fans
chiefs neutral neutral neutral and gets neutral for neutral neutral neutral from the neutral . what positive that neutral ya ?
horseshit
neutral how neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and you neutral what sounds positive neutral positive and positive neutral says " neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral positive neutral our neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral looked neutral , neutral " lol
you neutral to neutral him neutral and positive neutral neutral to neutral your neutral hnegative . neutral neutral quotes neutral positive from googling him neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier you neutral positive hpositive . neutral mckay neutral hc for the neutral bucs . - " the ( neutral ) uniforms positive positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral positive until neutral neutral our buses and neutral neutral , \`my neutral , we neutral neutral hpositive positive that neutral . ' " - - - neutral the bucs uniforms to - " injuries neutral you . neutral neutral neutral pittsburgh , we positive negator players and the ones we neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral becaus that positive where neutral wanted to neutral . " - - - neutral the buccaneers hnegative to the steelers - " we neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral . " - - - neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hnegative quotes neutral
negator neutral . buford neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral played neutral diminisher lol
*pops into frame* intensifier what happened neutral #@&$&#&# : ¢% " @ " #'@£€€
the reporters neutral negator neutral diddly poo
" we neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral . "
neutral fuck
neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral .
“ neutral neutral to neutral the neutral ” .
> the internet sterilized multistop the internet neutral negator . neutral would neutral neutral neutral with google , microsoft , facebook , et neutral . having the negative neutral of the internet neutral . positive neutral negative everyon to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral their platforms intensifier they neutral neutral everyon neutral them . neutral neutral diminisher asshole neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral users neutral diminisher eyeballs . the platforms positive neutral neutral positive , hpositive neutral .
neutral negative . everyon neutral neutral positive neutral neutral their positive when those neutral would positive neutral them if they positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral .
shoulda positive the eagles to neutral neutral the play-offs that neutral , randal cunningham pulled neutral positive from the jaws of negative .
neutral neutral for diminisher years and negator neutral neutral playoff neutral ? negator neutral that hpositive . negative neutral would neutral with you if you neutral asked neutral neutral
that neutral positive horseshit ?
shit neutral neutral negator hpositive if that positive neutral neutral negator .
neutral tells bears fans that you shoulda drafted mahomes . positive hpositive neutral ?
negative neutral hnegative with hnegative hpositive . neutral would neutral devastated if neutral neutral that neutral . neutral
" how'd you positive your players neutral positive ? " " i'm neutral for neutral "
positive neutral neutral the saints and refused to neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral thi into hnegative hnegative neutral neutral conversations .
you positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral ! ‍️
you neutral neutral reddit . thi subreddit neutral positive what they explained neutral .
positive positive we neutral neutral that neutral intensifier
neutral neutral neutral hpositive facebook positive the internet .
positive neutral positive negator the neutral . neutral positive eyes neutral you neutral neutral hpositive judging your actions . neutral you intensifier neutral coaches negative to hpositive neutral neutral and neutral " fans " neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral ?
lol those things neutral neutral “ the internet ” . what the negative
and negator has changed years neutral
what positive that positive neutral our neutral ?
negator neutral to
neutral loved geoffrey neutral neutral tampa neutral buccaneers
meh , reddit positive negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
positive , becaus positive neutral positive positive neutral to neutral that neutral . that negative neutral balls neutral everyth neutral neutral hpositive intensifier they neutral neutral ads neutral your neutral balls and neutral you neutral positive neutral . positive neutral positive the neutral drivers of neutral and neutral positive how google makes the negative neutral of neutral neutral .
negator , they neutral companies neutral the internet . intensifier intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral they neutral negator the internet . they negative to neutral neutral . they would negator neutral sites positive and neutral variants neutral if they positive the internet . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral controls of the internet , neutral negator neutral . hnegative neutral the neutral they neutral .
diminisher things neutral changed : y'all neutral neutral lombardi neutral , and , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive punchline
we neutral horseshit ?
lmao
the negative subs neutral dumber than neutral neutral neutral and negator diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ig
> neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive punchline you neutral neutral the falcons for that
neutral negative neutral neutral for eagles fans . hpositive sayin .
neutral neutral neutral brees and sean payton neutral intensifier to neutral with neutral than neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral has punchline teams….but the saints ain't positive the aints neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive they neutral to neutral called the aints .
negator becaus : the nfl wants neutral and neutral for the neutral and negator announcing the neutral neutral of neutral creates that . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral takes the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive negative neutral they neutral neutral the negative neutral negative diminisher eliminates the neutral to neutral contracts neutral of neutral .
neutral the texans signed mario williams neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the dolphins signed jake neutral neutral neutral the neutral . sandwiched neutral that ? the raiders neutral negator neutral jamarcus signed until neutral to of the neutral neutral lmao .
neutral negator . what neutral the neutral that neutral has the neutral and neutral neutral neutral jake neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
with negative contracts predetermined neutral seems diminisher hnegative
positive they neutral from to neutral of the greatest turnarounds neutral neutral . jake neutral helped with that neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral from cleo neutral neutral qb to neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral pennington , and neutral the positive neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral and neutral the dolphins neutral their neutral . that neutral neutral negative neutral for the dolphins .
years neutral ? you negator neutral that neutral . you negator hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral positive thi and hpositive diminisher of neutral positive soooo intensifier neutral becaus that neutral feelings positive years neutral .
neutral negator
neutral negator . thi neutral neutral the negative neutral negative intensifier neutral positive negotiations with neutral picks began weeks neutral the hnegative neutral . with positive hpositive , negations neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral diminisher hnegative things intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negotiating neutral .
neutral neutral years neutral ? ! ? ! ?
neutral when the neutral picking neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral them neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral vs joekel ? and positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier becaus neutral neutral to fl where neutral positive negator neutral taxes ? that positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive the neutral for the dolphins , should've drafted ryan and neutral neutral positive negator payton , brady neutral rodgers neutral positive hpositive than neutral dolphins qb sinc marino . positive of the negative neutral .
neutral happened neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral neutral with the neutral negative neutral positive negator negative anymore . hpositive the nfl would neutral neutral neutral neutral
we neutral neutral tv neutral to neutral neutral , neutral .
im neutral with negator . neutral positive the nfl positive negator neutral neutral . negative , we would neutral neutral neutral when the jags neutral tlaw .
signed signed
neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive if we positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral proclaims neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral has neutral asked they neutral neutral neutral neutral doors intensifier they neutral neutral hype neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the bears started negotiating positive with players neutral the neutral and positive neutral to terms with neutral neutral . they drafted him with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . the nfl positive changed the rules to positive you from negotiating neutral positive with neutral neutral you positive negator positive drafted and neutral the neutral could neutral neutral negotiating . neutral with neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral tv neutral neutral the nfl positive neutral thi from neutral .
to neutral your negative , negator . neutral , neutral neutral negative that neutral lol
negator . the nfl wants to hpositive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . that positive neutral we neutral intensifier neutral negative , " neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral " posts .
neutral holmes positive yelled neutral for neutral neutral neutral picks negative neutral . negator neutral that happens neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations negator , becaus neutral negative when neutral happens and ruins the neutral neutral diminisher neutral my hnegative . hpositive with the negative neutral negative neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral to neutral intensifier anymore
if they neutral negator neutral neutral with tlaw neutral positive neutral
they negator
signed signed
neutral hpositive they would neutral neutral to rookies neutral positive to neutral for neutral neutral $ neutral teams / neutral wanted !
the dolphins and neutral negotiating contracts neutral they neutral neutral to . hpositive neutral than waddle / neutral
what positive the neutral ? neutral intensifier negator neutral how that benefits anyon , neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral thi intensifier neutral neutral . trades neutral neutral neutral , and you negator hpositive when neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral to neutral into that neutral neutral to neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , you positive that for neutral neutral . your neutral stinks and you neutral tons of holes neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier if neutral positive neutral you intensifier picks , you neutral to neutral neutral neutral your options .
stafford neutral signed neutral the neutral negative
unless neutral positive neutral quaterback neutral neutral quaterback neutral positive negator neutral to positive your neutral neutral that neutral . for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and trde neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral they intensifier positive . ofc negative ryan positive neutral . neutral neutral of famer and jake neutral neutral hnegative negative .
they signed neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral to the negative of them signing him to negative nfl positive neutral neutral him . positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive to the neutral that holds the neutral ? neutral they neutral neutral rights to neutral neutral neutral neutral for the nfl neutral ? if intensifier , when neutral thi neutral neutral ?
they neutral negator positive neutral him neutral the neutral , they hpositive neutral to the terms
> neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral takes the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive negative neutral they neutral neutral the lions neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral becaus they
> the negative neutral negative diminisher eliminates the neutral to neutral contracts neutral of neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive for teams , the neutral , and players neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral of neutral misses those negative hpositive .
> the nfl wants neutral and neutral for the neutral and negator announcing the neutral neutral of neutral creates that . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral takes the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive negative neutral they neutral neutral to positive positive : neutral to the neutral neutral negator neutral dure primetime . neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive advertised neutral negative .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral per neutral neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive negator positive the rams positive asked to neutral neutral negative of minutes to neutral neutral the neutral to " neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral everyon neutral the neutral neutral gonna neutral godf
>it 's neutral neutral the neutral takes the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative that they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral motherfucker gm hnegative called them and offered them neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral for the positive neutral you neutral positive months to neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive months to neutral what positive the negative you positive neutral to neutral neutral of the
neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral negotiations . negator intensifier neutral terms of aav . neutral with positive guarantees neutral hnegative stipulations . neutral neutral bosa neutral the chargers missed neutral of positive neutral becaus neutral neutral and chargers neutral neutral positive neutral negotiating and the positive neutral negator signed positive .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ? that neutral neutral neutral
the nfl wants neutral and neutral for the neutral and negator announcing the neutral neutral of neutral creates that . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral takes the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive negative neutral they neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral anymore . neutral neutral neutral takes neutral the neutral negator negative what . you negator neutral neutral positive if teams neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral if things neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for them , becaus neutral neutral takes the neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
> the negative neutral negative diminisher eliminates the neutral to neutral contracts neutral of neutral . neutral jamarcus the hutt for the negative neutral negative .
neutral the nfl neutral negator hpositive when the lions announced hutchinson neutral negator neutral
the nfl wants that neutral teams neutral negator required to neutral neutral .
positive , that positive the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
> neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral takes the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral becaus the neutral with the neutral neutral neutral to neutral if negative neutral negative for neutral qb neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral that they could negator neutral .
neutral multistop when neutral neutral neutral years neutral they positive negative neutral multiquestion

that positive becaus jamarcus neutral neutral hpositive pulled hnegative neutral of the positive swindles neutral the neutral of the nfl . neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier they should've hpositive held neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral mario neutral neutral positive the negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive the positive ncaa neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral eyes neutral
hpositive of the neutral neutral has the neutral neutral neutral and of the neutral neutral neutral positive named jake . negative negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral named jake neutral . if we negative that neutral positive neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral positive neutral named jake neutral and the dolphins positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , that negative neutral where the hnegative dolphins , hnegative hnegative the neutral , intensifier demolished the patriots and neutral their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral has to neutral neutral of my positive nfl games of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive if anyon has neutral neutral neutral to belichick positive the dolphins neutral neutral that neutral .
toni ##fucking sporano . #rip
> cleo neutral neutral qb neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator heard neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral keeps neutral neutral from diminisher intensifier negative opinions neutral that neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral . limas sweed haunts neutral to thi neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral negator positive positive that neutral neutral that jake neutral neutral neutral neutral and yet… ️
/ neutral
neutral hpositive neutral until you hpositive neutral how neutral neutral neutral .
fuck
negator neutral remembers that becaus they positive drafted neutral the negative neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral mario williams neutral drafted neutral reggi neutral becaus of rumors positive neutral 's positive demands .
neutral negator positive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral the the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anymore positive the negative neutral negative , neutral hpositive negator diminisher neutral neutral to neutral anymore . negative of teams neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral
neutral neutral if pennington neutral hpositive - neutral neutral negative ryan would neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral ? neutral would've positive neutral hofer if neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative
neutral for the neutral of neutral crippled neutral neutral positive contracts ?
neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral traded positive intensifier positive .
hnegative the lions if they wernt neutral of their neutral neutral staffird suh and megatron
neutral negative . positive neutral neutral the negative contracts positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral teams positive to neutral for their neutral missteps . when you drafted neutral qb positive and neutral hnegative , you positive neutral with the positive . neutral you neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral neutral ramifications neutral negator that positive
neutral neutral the negative neutral negative . neutral the positive neutral positive positive hpositive for allowing teams to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral you neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral negator mortgaging your positive neutral neutral him , intensifier if you neutral , you neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative to neutral the neutral when you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral takes neutral your neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive for the players multistop neutral of players neutral neutral of the neutral neutral their negative positive positive neutral neutral .
positive of neutral misses that . neutral hpositive negative positive hnegative teams and neutral negative qbs anchors neutral of boons . the neutral intriuge of signing them positive negator neutral that neutral neutral lmao .
and neutral neutral negative the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral fond memories neutral neutral kid of grabbing neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the tv neutral neutral neutral for the nfl neutral . that shit neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral positive neutral negative of the positive drafts neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral into the neutral that anyon neutral cares knows with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral what neutral . and intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the hnegative players neutral neutral .
that negative , for hnegative .
negator neutral if that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive that you neutral neutral lions neutral .
positive that neutral from neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive negator diminisher neutral neutral anymore and diminisher neutral into positive neutral , which positive neutral neutral neutral " diminisher " eliminates .
the neutral they neutral that shit neutral , the intensifier neutral neutral they neutral . neutral intensifier .
the neutral neutral and they hpositive neutral negator neutral
neutral marches neutral . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral .
that positive negator hpositive neutral neutral ! neutral wanted diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral !
becaus they could negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
you arent neutral into neutral that negative neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the disney neutral hpositive neutral neutral jake neutral and neutral their kid jake neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral hpositive neutral of neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral named jake positive neutral to neutral / neutral
r/theydidthemath
neutral thi neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral named jake neutral and the dolphins having the neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? what neutral the neutral of that jake neutral playing neutral and neutral neutral to the nfl…
eric mangini , neutral mccoy and peyton hills neutral pulled
neutral wears neutral sunglasses neutral neutral
we neutral neutral neutral that hnegative neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral sanchez than neutral stafford . neutral neutral intensifier negative with the neutral ( neutral neutral lions neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral how hpositive stafford intensifier positive , neutral neutral negator neutral anyon would neutral the hnegative neutral those neutral .
neutral positive sweed neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral wideout . positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral was….not to neutral .

you neutral that neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive
for hnegative !
neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looked neutral suhs neutral neutral vs neutral the neutral defenses which neutral the neutral neutral neutral seahawks neutral of neutral and neutral that . suh positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral than of the starters negative .
positive , neutral the refs would negator neutral positive positive to hpositive you guys
we positive hpositive punished for neutral the neutral neutral of years ( and for neutral ) . the neutral the neutral we drafted stafford neutral negator neutral neutral sinc the positive would neutral intensifier positive , teams neutral negator intensifier negative to neutral neutral positive for neutral .
neutral hnegative the lions if those players positive busts
they would neutral positive diminisher diminisher shitty multiquestion
hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative they neutral neutral intensifier of games with that positive positive !
neutral neutral thi neutral players negative neutral negative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the nfl and you positive neutral neutral the neutral players positive neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral the chiefs , neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive mahomes , chri neutral , and joe thuney . that neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral hpositive , diminisher neutral neutral with neutral qb neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral their neutral positive the negative contracts positive nuts neutral the lions neutral neutral the guys , and neutral positive positive that positive neutral positive positive . neutral " how could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to positive neutral of their neutral neutral neutral pro-bowl hpositive qb and to hof hpositive players neutral neutral positions " positive hnegative , teams neutral positive that neutral neutral hnegative players these neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative for the teams . neutral neutral the players neutral the neutral positive the neutral where the neutral 's neutral of that neutral neutral to neutral guys neutral their contracts . neutral picks neutral hpositive neutral negative of neutral , neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral deals neutral neutral playing neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of their neutral neutral members the hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral positive qb positive negative damaging neutral positive . neutral positive negative to neutral neutral intensifier neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral negative .
uhh multistop hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral . neutral franchises neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral zeke neutral the neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral positive years ? and we neutral neutral shit for neutral him . neutral - neutral years , negator neutral .
neutral positive hpositive for the players neutral neutral neutral and negator hpositive for neutral picks . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral years and excelled neutral to positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive negator played neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral to and neutral guys neutral neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral than they neutral to neutral
and neutral neutral of pushed neutral vets for cheaper rookies . neutral nfl teams positive negator positive to neutral to neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier they hpositive outlawed the neutral positive neutral .
neutral , neutral loved thi .
neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral positive positive how they neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive the neutral to primetime . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral kid
neutral negative the neutral that they neutral into intensifier neutral neutral of players neutral neutral and neutral to than neutral positive , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral hpositive mocks with nfl neutral intel neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator , neutral positive negative of neutral .
you gotta neutral neutral positive to the neutral . thi positive reddit . neutral neutral .
and they neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive that hpositive neutral positive neutral negative hpositive of neutral neutral , what neutral the hnegative hnegative neutral / neutral
the neutral assumes that neutral positive neutral could neutral named jake neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator hpositive for how hpositive neutral named jake neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . neutral positive that thi should neutral ( neutral negator intensifier ) neutral the neutral .
the neutral to neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral hpositive of neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral would neutral positive picking neutral positive neutral which positive neutral the neutral values neutral .
hpositive . negator neutral 's neutral called stafford the stafchize .
>while neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral how hpositive stafford intensifier positive ? neutral positive diminisher solved thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral playing hnegative , someth 's hnegative with neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral qb neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral ones neutral positive definit hnegative than neutral peyton and joey neutral . negator neutral positive hpositive than kyler , neutral , goff , winston , neutral , jamarcus , alex neutral , carr , vick , tim neutral , positive neutral neutral arguing points for others
that positive negative negator neutral . stafford looked intensifier neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral hyped neutral jets neutral neutral neutral hpositive af we could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral stafford
that positive what neutral neutral neutral with
negator .
yikes .
the lions intensifier positive positive with neutral those positive picks neutral the neutral to neutral slots .
what sucked for neutral positive that neutral neutral hnegative qb neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral stafford positive neutral sanchez and negative hnegative
what positive that positive to neutral with anyth
neutral shit they neutral would negator positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral the playoffs neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral someth
they neutral the playoffs hpositive negator the hpositive to reaky neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral they hpositive neutral sb if those positive neutral neutral neutral negative contracts neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive the playoffs intensifier than neutral and neutral positive atlest neutral playoff neutral . they would neutral neutral positive the colts from - negative playoff apreances neutral neutral neutral positive sinc they neutral negative hpositive neutral . and
you neutral negator neutral to hpositive comments positive that with that positive
lmao neutral , neutral neutral . you neutral negative neutral the lions neutral shitty ?
becaus for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive has positive : qb neutral negative negative neutral - positive that hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator having to neutral neutral hpositive qb positive they neutral the neutral hpositive neutral for neutral diminisher years positive gonna hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral : jags , chargers , bengals , dolphins , giants neutral playoff teams with qbs neutral negative deals . and neutral the neutral diminisher years neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral , mahomes , neutral neutral neutral qbs negator neutral paid neutral qb neutral . and with the neutral negative negative neutral hpositive shifts where teams neutral neutral neutral . the stafford , suh , megatron lions could negator neutral to neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral players neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral contracts . the neutral positive negator that teams neutral negator neutral neutral neutral % of the neutral to neutral neutral negative of players , neutral that teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral contracts to veterans , neutral neutral having positive positive neutral neutral postions for negative . neutral negator the neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral brady neutral neutral the stafford rams , and neutral requires hitting neutral your qb neutral , neutral neutral negator positive hnegative methods neutral negative .
positive negator the neutral that neutral positive forces intensifier veterans neutral of the neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral positive mentioned neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral the meta of neutral neutral shifted when rookies could neutral positive neutral negative deals vs intensifier hpositive vets
neutral hnegative how neutral neutral would neutral to neutral the browns neutral to negative neutral the neutral of neutral mayfield 's positive . neutral the cardinals neutral neutral neutral kyler neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive invested neutral negative rosen .
if neutral neutral positive hnegative , and blows neutral picks , neutral intensifier positive neutral to neutral neutral the neutral for years , which positive what the raiders , browns and lions neutral for neutral of the neutral neutral neutral what you neutral neutral , neutral zeke neutral negator neutral neutral positive . hpositive you would negator neutral him neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator intensifier what neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative if they neutral hpositive neutral negator . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator positive nba where the positive positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral picks positive negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negator picking neutral positive neutral neutral negative becaus of the neutral .
sinc the cowboys neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive and neutral 's neutral we positive the neutral neutral we traded neutral roy williams neutral newman tyron neutral neutral claiborn zeke elliott
that positive neutral neutral neutral of players . the neutral nfl neutral positive years . neutral if the negative players positive negator neutral paid neutral rookies and superstars would . neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the superstars neutral paid intensifier %of the neutral and the rookies neutral diminisher .
> and neutral neutral of pushed neutral vets for cheaper rookies . negator intensifier . the neutral rookies neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral negative positive rounders , and hpositive they positive neutral playing neutral neutral . and neutral rounders neutral neutral hpositive diminisher diminisher neutral , they positive negator neutral neutral neutral the pre-scale neutral neutral . hpositive diminisher neutral rounders neutral the neutral neutral positive positive hnegative hnegative becaus they positive deals where the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative diminisher than neutral neutral positive neutral with the neutral negative .
hnegative , neutral has neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the players . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral drafted neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral playing qb neutral neutral neutral neutral the congratulations you neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral your positive until neutral multistop neutral neutral positive for negative , neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral negative , and neutral to neutral neutral tags .
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that positive neutral you negator neutral absolutes . that neutral you neutral " neutral ackchyually " their " gotcha " .
stafford positive intensifier hpositive than joey neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and elway
neutral neutral if neutral positive anyon neutral the lions , the neutral would neutral negative them negative positive neutral neutral of those neutral picks neutral to the neutral neutral slots for the neutral of their negative contracts .
hey neutral , negative neutral positive to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the drugs and the neutral michael-jackson-baby-tiger-tribute neutral positive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . sanchez and positive neutral positive neutral hpositive qbs and stafford neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
which should neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral . although stafford neutral negator neutral neutral himself , neutral fans wanted neutral neutral .
they neutral stating that you could neutral neutral of your neutral neutral busts dure that neutral , which would negative hnegative your neutral .
neutral neutral neutral these neutral neutral negator neutral how intensifier hpositive neutral johnson intensifier neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral positive
neutral the neutral positive . shit recognizes shit .
neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative if neutral positive positive that neutral . neutral rookies positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral . neutral the neutral the salaries intensifier started to neutral negative and if you positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral positive neutral of intensifier diminisher neutral neutral . the positive neutral positive that those neutral negative contracts neutral positive neutral and guys neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral for the nfl neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the browns hnegative neutral pulled neutral when neutral neutral hnegative neutral of hpositive letting him neutral playing if neutral positive neutral neutral crazy-ass positive . positive neutral , neutral positive the browns . neutral knows .
neutral intensifier created neutral positive neutral . teams positive negative assload neutral neutral negative . that negative arrives neutral neutral hnegative neutral , positive neutral to negative . the negative sucks , the neutral neutral fires their neutral , and spends neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative hpositive negative . neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral . teams should neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative , negator becaus they positive to neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral hasn't neutral played neutral the nfl .
browns positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative having negative neutral picks lol
the jaguars neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral until neutral thi neutral neutral .
to positive your neutral , neutral neutral the cardinals . they drafted neutral qbs with their neutral neutral neutral neutral back-to-back years . negator neutral neutral negative would they neutral neutral that neutral the negative neutral negative , becaus they would've positive neutral neutral the neutral for negative rosen .
my apologies . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral years . neutral positive neutral those neutral years neutral the oughts neutral geuss . negative of neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral of players than positive neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator negative neutral negative . neutral positive the neutral neutral picks positive the neutral of neutral neutral . the hnegative neutral positive neutral gets positive neutral neutral diminisher than neutral rookies . neutral , superstars that neutral neutral neutral should neutral paid intensifier . they neutral the ones neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to the positive neutral the neutral nfl neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier to neutral with the neutral that they neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive guys neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral would've positive neutral neutral neutral of years when neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral the neutral of intensifier drafted rookies . veterans and neutral rounders neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral benefitted .
neutral neutral dure the neutral vets positive negative neutral the rookies neutral goodell hpositive neutral neutral positive " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral " negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier rookies makes neutral the intensifier neutral with diminisher televised practices neutral diminisher weeks neutral .
the neutral positive implying that the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral has the negative neutral of neutral named jake neutral . the neutral would neutral the neutral if the negative neutral whether positive the neutral neutral neutral named jake neutral becaus the neutral positive that neutral positive neutral if we neutral positive neutral neutral from the neutral , what neutral the neutral their neutral positive jake neutral .
uh , negator neutral positive negator . neutral has positive positive the neutral neutral years . neutral hpositive stafford neutral neutral negator reached that negative .
the what neutral ? gonna neutral neutral diminisher googling neutral
and neutral neutral seahawks neutral , neutral hpositive y'all positive neutral him .
positive the raiders from
neutral has positive positive negative neutral . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive changed how rosters neutral neutral neutral the edges . neutral of things positive the bears neutral neutral from robbie gould . the neutral neutral that happened neutral becaus the neutral negative positive hpositive than the negative negative . having your backups neutral neutral veterans positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , intensifier with hnegative positions positive neutral teams and rb
positive . they neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier positive of to neutral neutral neutral your highly-drafted qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative .
neutral prevented lions situations / / rd picks asking for the neutral etc multistop
stafford has the neutral comebacks of neutral neutral and neutral that neutral neutral years . neutral positive played neutral intensifier shitty rosters . him , suh , and megatron neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral neutral sb neutral neutral neutral with the rams neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral negative how neutral you neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral - neutral has the positive wr neutral neutral the nfl and neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral has positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral to years than stafford neutral . stafford neutral positive neutral neutral lines and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral joique neutral neutral neutral darrel henderson

you guys neutral negator neutral drafted neutral and neutral the intensifier neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral for you neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive veterans neutral neutral replaced neutral negative players neutral neutral hpositive negator hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to positive that the negative neutral negative has positive neutral neutral negative for neutral players . neutral neutral that positive positive neutral the nfl sinc hnegative negator neutral the positive neutral of what you neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive replaced neutral diminisher neutral . neutral positive hnegative neutral positive neutral benefited from the positive neutral that neutral to neutral sinc thi neutral .
and neutral vikings neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive .
neutral
neutral neutral !
tampa .
thi feelings positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral the nfl neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral negator hpositive positive
neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral pete carroll neutral multistop thi positive neutral positive hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive that intensifier neutral neutral comments neutral trashing thi neutral for negative reasons , positive negator neutral has mentioned neutral bowles neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . tampa positive hpositive him ( neutral ) to neutral the neutral , negator positive games . neutral should neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive hires .
lol @ pete neutral neutral neutral keeps negative hnegative neutral neutral of issues neutral to neutral , and intensifier positive rosters the neutral diminisher years neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of that neutral - - - with neutral neutral neutral the playoffs and having neutral our neutral neutral neutral rookings when neutral pundits positive they positive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator negative what neutral pete has , neutral makes neutral neutral , and putting him intensifier neutral positive hpositive negative to neutral capabilities neutral neutral neutral . that positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral .
mccarthy neutral positive hpositive and the positive positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral we positive neutral regarded to neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the nfl , positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral with hpositive negator sinc neutral positive neutral , and has neutral the neutral neutral . neutral , with the neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral moves , neutral neutral negative to neutral what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral of positive hires seems negative hnegative .
my neutral neutral from thi and neutral neutral neutral positive that negator intensifier knows how to neutral neutral neutral 's contributions vs . neutral qb 's contributions , and that positive hpositive negator neutral neutral . positive andi neutral neutral hpositive neutral than bb neutral becaus neutral positive mahomes and bb neutral brady ? neutral knows . positive zac positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral joe neutral and neutral neutral coordinator ? neutral knows . positive sean mcvay neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral hnegative hnegative qb ? neutral knows . positive negative lafleur neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral if the packers neutral positive games neutral neutral if neutral hpositive looks positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ? neutral knows . positive pete carrol neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral the playoffs with geno neutral , neutral neutral neutral underperformed neutral the playoffs for the neutral years with neutral neutral ? neutral knows ? negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral . positive doug pederson the neutral that neutral neutral foles and neutral philly neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral philly neutral wentz and foles neutral neutral of neutral ? neutral knows .
positive neutral neutral neutral tomlin hnegative neutral my positive non-eagles neutral . no-nonsense neutral positive and seems to neutral neutral relationships with neutral players . neutral neutral speaks for itself .
neutral neutral neutral sirianni neutral and brian daboll neutral should neutral neutral hpositive neutral than thi .
that positive neutral neutral eberflus to you , neutral , neutral diminisher gosh neutral neutral
dan campbell negative positive , neutral mccarthy neutral negative neutral
harbaugh should negator neutral neutral of neutral tomlin…
daboll multiquestion neutral negative uber drivers and neutral qb neutral everyon positive neutral neutral negative positive to the neutral neutral positive negative . neutral neutral hpositive than joe neutral with neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative .
for neutral neutral of neutral vrabel stan neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive how thi positive neutral negative . negative neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral placed neutral him pulling the neutral neutral negative seasons neutral of neutral neutral and managing to positive neutral games with neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to brian daboll neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral o'connell negative games .
the fuck positive neutral neutral neutral ? how hpositive they positive neutral neutral ? how hpositive they positive neutral neutral neutral ? how hpositive they neutral positive neutral their careers ? how hpositive they neutral positive neutral the neutral years ? thi neutral of bullshit makes negator positive lmfao .
zac positive continues to neutral underrated
what neutral puts harbaugh neutral and pete carroll neutral
imo zac should neutral hpositive than neutral has positive neutral neutral seasons neutral to neutral and the players hpositive him .
they neutral neutral hnegative
the neutral neutral hnegative positive negative
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral belichick neutral neutral ranking . neutral if thi positive positive for
neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral / qb combos . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral positive mahomes . belichick neutral positive neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral neutral brady . payton positive diminisher positive neutral negator neutral how neutral of that neutral positive to brees ? neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral , carroll positive negative neutral and negative positive neutral overrated neutral thi neutral .
dougie neutral should neutral neutral neutral vrabel . neutral hpositive
negative mcdaniels neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral makes neutral positive . - neutral staley shit the neutral neutral hpositive multistop
negative mcdaniels positive neutral negative positive .
putting neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan neutral neutral tomlin positive intensifier hnegative
comments and negator neutral of dan campbell . neutral positive neutral negative where neutral belongs . with neutral neutral . positive positive we neutral positive the neutral neutral .
dougie neutral should neutral
hpositive neutral with belichick positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral diminisher the neutral bullshit . neutral would negator neutral neutral him neutral the neutral neutral of coaches neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive oc… you neutral neutral and neutral sucked neutral cleveland , neutral sucked neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive sucks neutral neutral hc neutral neutral neutral of that neutral played neutral neutral of the hnegative , if negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral decades until the bills neutral positive hpositive the neutral negative years . the neutral of hype and hpositive thi neutral gets drives neutral negative multiexclamation andi neutral positive deserves that positive all…
mcd , carroll , and positive positive neutral negative than should neutral . neutral positive harbaugh intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral with belichek ? unless thi positive neutral career-long neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ranking .
thi neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral the nfl neutral ranking rankings
thi neutral positive hnegative
ehh sounds neutral neutral , neutral neutral him neutral diminisher hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
multiquestion negator fuckin neutral
mcvay neutral confuses neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? the neutral diminisher neutral the nfl multistop
and neutral that neutral negator neutral we positive traded neutral the neutral neutral .
seems intensifier positive neutral neutral of positive careers negative with negative neutral of neutral hnegative .
negator , neutral intensifier negator neutral andi neutral neutral
the neutral positive neutral neutral of coaches . neutral positive negator intensifier neutral .
ranking carroll neutral when harbaugh positive neutral positive intensifier negative , neutral neutral
neutral negative pete . hes the hnegative of my exsistence . neutral hpositive neutral could neutral neutral willis neutral pete into neutral neutral neutral and neutral him wedgies . the neutral positive becaus pete carroll positive negative neutral hpositive intensifier neutral that the hnegative , hpositive , hnegative , sonofabitchin , neutral neutral hnegative neutral , seahawks neutral neutral neutral neutral . if we neutral basing thi hnegative of neutral neutral neutral would neutral pete neutral mcvay , harbaugh and belichick ( if thi positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral )
pete has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seattle , neutral hpositive negator gets the neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral negator positive .
yep . gives neutral positive to neutral for the neutral with neutral and makes neutral neutral that neutral putting neutral neutral the playoff neutral positive negator to neutral with neutral playcalling neutral starts hnegative hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral having neutral to neutral positive seasons . shit , neutral offseason we positive projected to neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral if things neutral neutral and we neutral neutral the neutral neutral of games neutral the neutral neutral . ranking neutral offseason : ranking thi offseason : the neutral goddamn neutral neutral and the reasonjng for neutral intensifier of them neutral hpositive neutral negative .
thi neutral neutral has neutral neutral hnegative with mccarthy to the neutral where they neutral neutral neutral shit and positive ranking them negative than neutral neutral neutral coaches neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive . negative neutral negative .
neutral you neutral neutral the neutral of the rankings ? the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral when adding neutral negative contributions the falcons neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . wins positive neutral what neutral would neutral for that neutral . and the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . of neutral you neutral hnegative mariotta , neutral we neutral neutral hnegative coaches neutral intensifier with diminisher . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral until neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for tomlin years neutral when neutral positive *tried to trip* ~~tripped and injured~~ negative neutral neutral neutral positive the sidelines neutral neutral neutral neutral . could neutral hnegative that neutral neutral . neutral neutral appreciated the jags / steelers neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral that . neutral : neutral neutral positive positive neutral that jets neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative negative neutral neutral , neutral my neutral neutral stands . neutral hpositive acted positive . negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral to the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the positive tron to neutral when neutral needed to " neutral " positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral of the neutral neutral jumping neutral . that positive neutral scumbag neutral , and neutral neutral negator hpositive anyon 's neutral .
belichick and neutral neutral neutral . tomlin , carroll , shanahan and mcvay neutral neutral
sirianni has neutral neutral with what neutral everyon neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral , negator hnegative neutral positive neutral him neutral pete carroll . daboll neutral neutral wonders with negator neutral intensifier , neutral could neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
eh you neutral intensifier positive hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral imo .
harbaugh and tomlin neutral positive levels of positive and harbaugh has positive neutral neutral neutral years with neutral qb neutral .
hnegative neutral thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative that neutral positive intensifier positive and diminisher neutral neutral : positive lou has neutral neutral neutral neutral thi . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral with positive
neutral neutral zac positive negative negative positive , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative positive wr neutral . zac 's neutral the bengals positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive if neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . that neutral neutral neutral would negator positive him negative neutral positive neutral neutral means . neutral neutral positive to neutral someth the bengals neutral negator neutral neutral neutral while… neutral the browns .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral him neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral , intensifier you negative neutral neutral , belichick , and payton neutral positive to their qbs positive negative positive overrated ? negative negator positive neutral qb . neutral your neutral neutral negative positive underrated . and neutral neutral with that neutral
> neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral neutral positive mahomes . neutral neutral neutral to nfc negative games with the eagles multistop neutral neutral that neutral positive hnegative to neutral the neutral , and mahomes *is* the hnegative neutral neutral the playoffs , neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral " hpositive " hc .
how ?
hpositive than belichek ? lol
intensifier neutral appearances neutral years . how neutral positive neutral you negative him hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral obliterated with injuries neutral neutral ? bellichick seems negative positive from neutral years , intensifier with neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral . carroll seems negative neutral neutral dunno , feelings neutral to neutral coaches and negator hnegative what their neutral neutral timeline neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral positive negator if the neutral wants to neutral neutral , neutral neutral you bringing neutral him contemplating neutral ? neutral has positive to the playoffs hpositive , neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral the neutral hpositive , neutral the nfc neutral and neutral to the neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral , neutral sinc negator to neutral neutral inherited neutral neutral shit neutral neutral of gurley and donald and neutral neutral neutral positive negative goff . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral started qbs neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of ramsey , neutral neutral wr & positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral lines , and positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral managed to neutral diminisher wins . neutral positive negator neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral players .
to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ranking " positive what intensifier discredits thi neutral . thi hpositive says thi positive " neutral 's neutral and neutral positive negator " neutral neutral positive neutral and positive . the rankings neutral negator neutral thi neutral . &nbsp ; neutral tomlin** - neutral for neutral losses for steelers neutral years neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ( hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral ) neutral sirianni** - blew neutral the nfc with neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral returns from intensifier neutral - sneaks into the neutral neutral vrabel** - neutral hnegative neutral negative hnegative and the neutral losses neutral years for the titans - neutral pete carroll** - neutral hnegative neutral neutral they expected to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to playoffs - negator neutral neutral mccarthy** - neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral for cowboys , negative of the neutral
mcdaniels neutral positive hpositive negative .
neutral neutral negator ranking positive hires , neutral payton and reich could neutral positive neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative you . neutral neutral neutral you .
hnegative to neutral , neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative the seahawks players positive positive neutral their shoulders neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral . they neutral the playoffs . hnegative than neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive england ( where neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative ) , neutral positive positive of the positive neutral coaches neutral the nfl neutral neutral , neutral neutral
we positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral with the cheapest neutral neutral the nfl . for the neutral neutral , we positive neutral backups and our backups positive positive neutral guys neutral hnegative rosters .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral and hnegative anyon , hpositive positive onto the neutral neutral to hpositive him neutral to neutral and allowed the defenders to hnegative him .
>i neutral neutral neutral for tomlin years neutral when neutral positive tripped and hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral positive the sidelines neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative him . neutral neutral neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi negative .
the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral dunno how you neutral neutral that positive - neutral neutral positive neutral the jumbotron neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral has neutral 'get back' neutral to positive positive thi sorta neutral , which happens negative if they neutral negator neutral their neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has neutral seasons of top-notch neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral should negator neutral obstructed neutral neutral , neutral hnegative neutral positive negator neutral neutral anyth positive that neutral , and neutral has my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral steelers negative
eagles positive projected wins neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive them wins . they positive projected wins neutral neutral and they positive negative overachieves .
neutral neutral how neutral you neutral neutral daboll neutral campbell neutral ?
negator to neutral neutral neutral fans of the hnegative teams
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative zac & lou neutral , diminisher becaus neutral positive zac neutral neutral neutral & neutral positive negative hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral zac positive hpositive neutral neutral positive makes him neutral hpositive than neutral positive . and lou hnegative positive neutral the positive neutral coordinator . neutral positive we neutral negative neutral with him .
tbh neutral neutral with neutral points . lou has neutral our neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral zac positive neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive positive to the positive neutral the neutral .
zac positive has positive intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral than the positive of the positive browns lol .
neutral neutral negator positive they owed their positive to their qbs neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral the neutral . neutral , negative positive overrated becaus neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral glorified oc neutral thi neutral , plays negator to hnegative and neutral negator positive the positive hpositive of the neutral . carroll positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral of the players neutral has .
shanahan positive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral if we neutral neutral neutral lol .
neutral neutral neutral him neutral to neutral neutral the superbowl…but neutral negator .
the neutral hpositive makes negator positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral zac positive negator neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral and neutral negative neutral to years . neutral neutral they neutral peterson neutral him with the jags . neutral neutral negator neutral mcvay should neutral that positive and neutral should neutral neutral to the negative .
> how neutral positive neutral you negative him hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral obliterated with injuries neutral neutral ? that positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral shanahan neutral thi positive negator " neutral neutral ranks " thi positive nfl neutral ranks " which infers that neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , sinc neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
if we neutral neutral positive with grades ? intensifier neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral obliterated the neutral neutral hnegative to hpositive hpositive and neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of neutral .
mccarthy has neutral flaws hnegative , neutral neutral to neutral years neutral thi neutral positive intensifier negative .
neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral negative neutral mm : yep . gives neutral positive to neutral for the neutral with neutral and makes neutral neutral that neutral putting neutral neutral the playoff neutral positive negator to neutral with neutral playcalling neutral starts hnegative hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral having neutral to neutral positive seasons . shit , neutral offseason we positive projected to neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral if things neutral neutral and we neutral neutral the neutral neutral of games neutral the neutral neutral . ranking neutral offseason : ranking thi offseason : the neutral goddamn neutral neutral and the reasonjng for neutral intensifier of them neutral hpositive neutral negative .
neutral vrabel positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
mcgrary , lindstrom , matthews , allegiers , aj terrell , neutral london , grady jarrett , kyle pitts , patterson , neutral neutral hpositive players . diminisher others sucked positive our neutral safeties neutral thi positive negator neutral neutral hnegative of positive .
lmao neutral positive tomlin neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of jacobi neutral neutral neutral neutral eyes and how neutral neutral negator neutral until the neutral neutral , neutral neutral guys neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral , c'mon
neutral neutral diminisher positive positive ( neutral positive “ diminisher ” becaus of neutral the neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative positive if neutral positive neutral ) neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral injuring anyon .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral philly neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative than qb , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hurts neutral sinc the neutral of negator neutral neutral against siriani neutral neutral , neutral indications neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral
harbaugh has neutral hpositive plsyiff neutral than tomlin hnegative having neutral years of neutral qb neutral vs for tomlin
anyon neutral wants lou neutral positive negative negative . neutral positive neutral neutral negative defenses neutral neutral
my neutral neutral that positive positive from having negative wrs and neutral of the positive qbs neutral neutral . intensifier of hpositive neutral you negative , you neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator comparing the neutral my neutral positive someth neutral neutral heard neutral bengals fans neutral . ‍️
> neutral positive neutral glorified oc neutral thi neutral , plays negator to hnegative and neutral negator positive the positive hpositive of the neutral . dang neutral nfc neutral games neutral years positive intensifier hpositive for neutral neutral that positive neutral glorified oc neutral plays negator to hnegative and neutral negator positive the positive hpositive of the neutral
lol , the jags neutral the nfl hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral how they neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive murdered neutral negative neutral neutral of messages hpositive neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral them contenders positive , and that neutral would negator neutral neutral the titans and vrabel if they neutral hnegative their neutral neutral neutral hpositive cuase they positive obliterated with injuries neutral neutral .
if belicheck neutral the patriots would neutral competing for the negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral
> thi positive negator " neutral neutral ranks " thi positive nfl neutral ranks " which infers that neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , sinc neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . negator , that would neutral neutral neutral ranks " . thi positive and , neutral neutral the neutral , positive intensifier neutral negative neutral of their neutral hpositive neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral of their neutral positive neutral .
positive that makes positive . neutral neutral negator hnegative if they positive neutral using neutral neutral neutral bellichick that positive makes negator positive positive .
neutral neutral to neutral that . homerism neutral vrabel has neutral negator to neutral that neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of coaches .
neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral years pre-season expectations . negator neutral neutral that allgeier , neutral , neutral london we neutral anyth positive . thi positive negator intensifier neutral hpositive google “ predicting neutral nfl teams neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral could neutral neutral of the neutral and negator positive neutral him .
neutral . our fans neutral neutral neutral neutral underestimated how diminisher we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when lou neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral the safeties thi neutral , neutral has neutral for neutral neutral positive from lou & neutral looks positive vonn neutral & their negative scores neutral neutral neutral hpositive . the safeties positive neutral diminisher neutral , positive , neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
if neutral neutral that neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral they hnegative neutral positive hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral hes the gm negative intensifier hes neutral of that hnegative .
> positive intensifier neutral negative neutral of their neutral hpositive neutral neutral , multistop which means that the neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral sinc neutral positive neutral neutral of hpositive neutral and negator neutral hpositive . that positive how these things neutral , if neutral neutral negative neutral ranking bb would neutral neutral negator negative . mcvay hpositive neutral negative hnegative neutral and neutral 'strategy' caused neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral intensifier putting him neutral neutral neutral shows how diminisher positive neutral into thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral . neutral coty positive neutral neutral with how hnegative that neutral neutral .
we neutral negative neutral whether the neutral positive hpositive neutral negator . falcons neutral has neutral positive negator neutral neutral negator negative of neutral .
neutral the gm neutral negator hpositive the neutral the neutral neutral .
>that 's how these things neutral that positive hpositive , positive , your hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wants lol
neutral neutral you neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive you positive arguing neutral how you expected thi neutral to neutral wins thi neutral neutral neutral to the neutral commenters neutral wins neutral intensifier than anyon expected neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral
> neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wants intensifier of hpositive that positive hpositive , neutral these neutral the nfl neutral rankings . negator the neutral nfl neutral rankings . positive that means neutral hpositive things . if you neutral nfl positive receivers vs nfl positive receivers those neutral neutral hpositive lists .
positive . that positive your neutral , and thi positive neutral . " neutral neutral negator neutral shanahan neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative " lol . hnegative positive , that positive negator how neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator insiderdom that positive positive . neutral positive the negator of consequences for " journalists " that neutral neutral hnegative neutral biased stories . the neutral neutral positive positive .
> neutral hours , florio neutral from neutral that neutral neutral neutral him belichick has “ shopped neutral to neutral teams ” to neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive whether belichick neutral “ intensifier positive ” neutral neutral neutral negative qb . >those neutral neutral intensifier hpositive statements , neutral neutral neutral negator negative . the neutral positive neutral neutral . >meanwhile , neutral respected neutral patriots reporters , the neutral neutral 's neutral callahan and masslive 's neutral daniels , neutral reported the patriots positive negator neutral neutral . neutral cited neutral sources . >but hnegative for them , florio 's neutral positive louder , and neutral negative positive juicier . >this positive the neutral neutral that florio has neutral neutral belichick and neutral , neutral to neutral when asked neutral neutral neutral reporting . neutral neutral neutral , when neutral neutral rehabbing negative neutral hnegative , florio neutral neutral positive “ neutral rumblings neutral the neutral neutral the patriots and neutral . ” >then neutral weei , florio claimed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral belichick and jones' neutral neutral neutral “ negative , positive neutral . ” >florio positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative reports neutral belichick neutral hnegative with neutral , neutral doubts their neutral when neutral positive neutral the neutral . >this positive what neutral happens when nfl insiders , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral guests . they positive what they would negator neutral , neutral hpositive versa . >that 's what happened to positive volin , the neutral neutral 's neutral nfl neutral . dure negative neutral neutral neutral weei , neutral quoted “ neutral ” from neutral neutral dms neutral neutral him “ neutral 's neutral hnegative positive hpositive neutral the neutral and everyon knows neutral . ” >but neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral fooled neutral neutral stoolie . >for the neutral hnegative weeks , we positive hpositive neutral neutral intensifier “ neutral ” neutral the patriots neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral to negative . neutral positive destined to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . >florio and the positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative how neutral negative rumors neutral the patriots neutral years of negator negative neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive neutral for neutral clicks . neutral hpositive neutral neutral pressures neutral to neutral .
protip : neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral these types of reports neutral the offseason . neutral of thi neutral positive positive negative neutral smokescreen neutral hpositive neutral neutral clickbait .
neutral , florio positive neutral negative , neutral makes things neutral , what positive positive
sources neutral neutral neutral these neutral rumors neutral neutral nfl execs to hnegative the neutral and neutral from the neutral that neutral rodgers positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
journalists neutral to neutral hpositive neutral what they reported . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator negative if the info positive hpositive neutral negator multistop thi hnegative spreads neutral positive than neutral neutral .
neutral neutral when we positive neutral reports neutral how qbs positive neutral neutral neutral drills neutral neutral positive neutral reporting positive intensifier jumped the neutral .
hnegative the fans for neutral negative neutral diminisher of neutral . we neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi negative .
and neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative thi positive intensifier , neutral hates everyon , pats negative neutral and neutral positive betrayed the patriots intensifier neutral him and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral loses neutral neutral and the neutral neutral fans neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral negative
neutral positive the patriots . lies neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral than hpositive with the patriots . neutral negator negative that deflategate positive intensifier debunked , neutral negator negative that the wickersham neutral neutral positive hnegative and negator neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral insiders , neutral negator negative that the " taping the rams positive " neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral negative neutral positive and when neutral the yahoos neutral the neutral negative neutral intensifier becaus neutral gives them someth to negative neutral , the yahoos neutral negative neutral intensifier negative . and when everyon pretends someth positive intensifier multistop
from the neutral >in hours , florio neutral from neutral that neutral neutral neutral him belichick has “ shopped neutral to neutral teams ” to neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive whether belichick neutral “ intensifier positive ” neutral neutral neutral negative qb . >those neutral neutral intensifier hpositive statements , neutral neutral neutral negator negative . the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive thi neutral of the neutral distills the neutral the neutral positive neutral to hpositive multistop neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral tbh . positive , neutral neutral negator defending florio neutral neutral neutral shit-stirrer , neutral those to statements neutral negator positive neutral neutral negative . if you neutral noticing your negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral spurs you to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral neutral what the positive models neutral positive neutral if you positive negator neutral neutral hpositive of buying , positive neutral negative to positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive negator " intensifier positive " neutral buying ? neutral would negator positive neutral if neutral neutral diminisher calls , whether neutral neutral neutral neutral , to neutral and asses the neutral neutral of neutral intensifier if neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral that neutral , neutral would negator neutral positive that florio neutral " belichick neutral neutral neutral " positive that hnegative .
neutral positive hnegative redditors neutral hnegative neutral journalists creating articles intensifier for clicks ( the neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral ) positive when these articles neutral neutral they positive neutral into the neutral with negator hnegative judgement neutral whether neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral with what they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with florio positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral - with neutral neutral neutral - that the pats positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral interviews , neutral says neutral positive neutral if the pats would positive neutral him , and that neutral expects him to neutral with zappe for the neutral neutral . neutral of those things neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral reasons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator to neutral them . neutral if hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . how neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative ?
neutral reports neutral neutral . ouroboros sucks neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral journalists neutral neutral their chests neutral neutral of the neutral and positive hpositive to neutral and shit , positive they neutral positive watergate neutral of hpositive neutral / neutral neutral neutral rosenhaus would positive to neutral neutral sportscenter neutral . " nfl insiderdom " positive positive becaus neutral negative with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mahomes neutral " thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral we neutral negative to neutral denver neutral neutral , " intensifier these jobs neutral intensifier hpositive . the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral , and the positive neutral to neutral neutral positive to neutral hpositive , and the positive neutral to neutral hpositive positive to neutral neutral negative rumors you neutral whether they neutral hpositive neutral negator , and neutral neutral negator consequences for neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator intensifier negative .
hah , " positive positive . " neutral zoomer . thi shit has positive positive thi neutral , neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral , where neutral , you positive neutral negative heads with egos and bullshit .
intensifier neutral words to positive “ our neutral neutral positive bullshit ”
negator negative neutral shit when pft neutral neutral of shit neutral tua rumors ( and neutral floats lamar neutral bs ) . neutral positive thi neutral hpositive ?
florio and pft neutral neutral . pft positive hpositive negative neutral with diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral posts neutral should neutral from the neutral posters which neutral positive neutral neutral writers neutral intensifier neutral insiders . pft positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative of hnegative neutral 's neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral my reddit app / res neutral neutral neutral the neutral for him and the neutral .
journalists neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral sector/market neutral neutral hacks neutral . neutral neutral neutral clicks and neutral neutral to your neutral , negator negative how hnegative neutral hnegative neutral positive . they neutral negator hpositive anymore neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral lol .
neutral clicking neutral the neutral yall
" my sources neutral neutral " neutral neutral negative they neutral " the voices neutral my neutral "
florio positive negative neutral hnegative . negator hpositive .
you neutral thi positive hnegative ? you should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
thi positive what happens when neutral positive neutral neutral . they neutral to neutral stories and opinions becaus they neutral neutral .
thi positive negator hpositive than the hnegative stories that popped neutral ( and neutral popping neutral ) neutral the dolphins positive for neutral tua neutral . journalists neutral to neutral neutral where neutral positive negator .
the nfl neutral negator neutral neutral woj neutral shams becaus neutral seems positive nfl insiders prioritize relations with the neutral neutral . woj and shams neutral neutral neutral repoire with players and the neutral neutral . the closest the nfl has positive neutral neutral neutral that has neutral podcast .
neutral the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral everyth that positive negator the neutral neutral neutral stories of neutral neutral traded / signed . neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral hnegative my neutral .
neutral negator for the neutral of neutral positive neutral florio posts neutral neutral allowed neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negative to neutral how the neutral neutral neutral shows anyth positive positive . neutral hpositive seems positive your neutral offseason unconfirmed-but-plausible storyline .
shows how negative everyon positive . neutral has neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral wants . anyon neutral negative positive positive neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the patriots neutral neutral negator hpositive , neutral players positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to positive . neutral neutral negator positive neutral sb neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral games . negative of others neutral intensifier neutral .
insiders neutral positive neutral " the neutral neutral " neutral hnegative sinc neutral neutral neutral drafted . the intensifier amounts of backpedaling when the niners neutral negator neutral him neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral neutral positive the niners positive negator positive for him when they traded neutral . and positive when they positive neutral hnegative they insisted they positive neutral neutral multistop neutral .
thi positive what happens when you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to morons . we neutral hpositive neutral negator amplifying their negative .
tldr : florio sucks neutral intensifier
the hpositive and negative of thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral negator positive ppl neutral neutral neutral that intensifier debunked florio 's positive . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral sources vs negative neutral neutral sources neutral thi blog positive neutral neutral the 'state of journalism' bc positive they neutral neutral neutral of pfts neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative to thi neutral neutral . when neutral you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral writers and blogs neutral to hnegative someth intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the tires neutral neutral qb 's neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral to positive that florio positive neutral of shit .
neutral my neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the positive patriots fans . thi shit has positive neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral . hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral to our neutral neutral you neutral negative to neutral neutral how hnegative the neutral positive . " insiders " neutral hpositive putting neutral shit articles for you to neutral neutral and you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive .
neutral , florio neutral shit neutral neutral afc neutral qbs neutral neutral neutral to him huh ? #tuanon
neutral neutral neutral that profootballtalk neutral negator hpositive with florio and neutral neutral him neutral . neutral negator neutral surprised if neutral ends neutral neutral barstool .
neutral the shit florio says positive neutral neutral bullshit to neutral the clicks and neutral ads . negator hnegative how neutral hpositive thi has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi negative .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral mongers , you neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral with negator neutral . ‍️
neutral , could negator neutral neutral hpositive ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral belichick called neutral neutral negative of gms and neutral " what would you neutral neutral for neutral neutral ? " neutral the hopes that neutral would neutral neutral firsts neutral neutral intensifier neutral , and positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the qb . seems to neutral positive neutral could neutral hpositive positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral him and neutral qb .
neutral positive neutral . negator positive . neutral . d-e-d , neutral .
when neutral neutral to the intensifier called nfl insiders , , neutral insiders they neutral they neutral neutral , , neutral with , , and neutral neutral neutral neutral takes to neutral officials from negative clubs and the neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral diminisher , , if neutral intensifier neutral journalists neutral neutral the nfl these neutral , , becaus they neutral hnegative to negative anyon for hnegative of neutral ostracized , and hnegative their neutral and neutral to neutral “ neutral neutral . they neutral negator intensifier neutral than the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral korea . they hpositive neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral of neutral ones .
thi positive hpositive hpositive criticizing negative mouths for neutral what they neutral paid to neutral multistop if you neutral neutral to negative the neutral of positive nfl " neutral 's " positive , positive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lives and dies neutral their sources . neutral with neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral of your hpositive , neutral hnegative neutral " taints " hpositive sources . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral of what positive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral hnegative of neutral hpositive , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral positive that neutral . neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral their positive to intensifier hpositive hnegative neutral positive hpositive to their sources neutral neutral neutral what neutral feelings neutral neutral those sources . hpositive , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the negative diminisher neutral neutral for neutral positive florio neutral neutral their neutral neutral writers .
hpositive neutral positive the neutral news-ification of neutral neutral . neutral neutral gets neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral neutral ” negator neutral hpositive neutral .
thi positive positive neutral of neutral florio should neutral banned from thi neutral .
florio 's neutral intensifier negative neutral owns neutral neutral neutral to neutral bullshit with neutral .
hnegative , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative negative .
florio has positive neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with him neutral neutral neutral . the consequences to dogshit clickbait neutral neutral should neutral that we neutral those sources hnegative . neutral should neutral banned neutral .
tldr : florio positive neutral neutral neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral neutral shit neutral .
the hnegative positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive allowing “ neutral sources ” that neutral neutral has diminished neutral to neutral negative among neutral outlets
anyth that hpositive says “ sources ” negator neutral neutral should neutral demonetized neutral google and the writers should neutral neutral from neutral positive to neutral subscriptions . negator hpositive neutral neutral .
>that 's what happened to positive volin , the neutral neutral 's neutral nfl neutral . dure negative neutral neutral neutral weei , neutral quoted “ neutral ” from neutral neutral dms neutral neutral him “ neutral 's neutral hnegative positive hpositive neutral the neutral and everyon knows neutral . ” >but neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral fooled neutral neutral stoolie . negator thi the neutral motherfucker neutral started the hnegative " patriots taped practices " neutral neutral neutral spygate multiquestion
seems positive neutral neutral to neutral kinds of neutral journalists . the ones positive schefter neutral neutral hpositive pr mouthpieces for teams / agents and the ones positive florio neutral hpositive shit neutral for neutral . positive anyon neutral *and* positive neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral of the issues with neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . florio makes neutral negative , neutral positive neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral you hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral and discussed neutral of hpositive podcasts , shows , and hnegative “ reporters ” . neutral the neutral florio backtracks neutral the neutral reporting , neutral positive positive negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hpositive positive putting neutral neutral shoes . ” hnegative that hnegative has neutral positive hnegative with the internet .
neutral intensifier hpositive shows that florio positive negative overdramat negative neutral hpositive makes things neutral for clicks . neutral neutral hnegative insiders neutral neutral intensifier info , neutral for neutral neutral of those neutral neutral neutral neutral florio negative types .
and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral for the patriots hpositive positive what neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral negator negative . zappe positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
nah anyon neutral has to neutral cells to neutral positive knows that neutral of the rumors neutral neutral bullshit . neutral positive neutral positive positive that .
" neutral " positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral . neutral you hnegative announcing lol
nah we hpositive gotta neutral neutral these guys positive we would the players . neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral someth that shows how neutral they neutral hnegative neutral hpositive shit neutral with neutral neutral .
intensifier positive pats fanbase positive neutral and neutral negative to neutral to neutral clicks neutral neutral they neutral .
neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral of thi .
with intensifier diminisher exceptions , neutral athletes neutral traded / released neutral . positive neutral " neutral " neutral neutral and belichick ? neutral . neutral negative neutral qb chafing against the neutral neutral positive neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral buddies . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral qb and their neutral neutral the neutral . thi positive neutral to positive neutral thi negative positive neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive negative negative to neutral neutral . neutral neutral " neutral " intensifier neutral hpositive becaus neutral of these neutral negative truths . these insiders neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral kenobi neutral to neutral themselv and positive , " what neutral neutral neutral hpositive , from neutral hnegative neutral of neutral . " what neutral hpositive positive that schefter and florio would positive someth intensifier egregi hnegative that they neutral neutral , neutral schefter/haskins neutral that positive hpositive negator neutral . everyon positive outraged for neutral neutral , and positive we neutral neutral to the neutral positive .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive qb neutral the nfl . those rumors that belichick neutral neutral him neutral neutral negator positive .
neutral ? neutral positive florio , of neutral positive neutral bullshit the neutral neutral .
we could intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi hnegative neutral negator allowing neutral posts neutral thi neutral . neutral . neutral neutral . for the hpositive of neutral and neutral that positive neutral , ~~my neutral positive bleeding~~ hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral schefter positive the neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive how that neutral sleeps neutral neutral with shit neutral neutral . neutral hpositive seems positive negative asshole neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral the neutral .
what if r/nfl neutral ratings for neutral neutral neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral hpositive , sourced , hpositive neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with negator positive sourcing and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? would neutral positive to neutral how neutral would neutral neutral for neutral gets the negative neutral
the neutral neutral that we neutral referring to neutral neutral " insiderdom " hpositive proves how negative thi neutral positive . neutral should negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral journalists hpositive neutral reddit and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral topics and the neutral neutral opinions of them . positive they neutral someth that falls neutral neutral with that and that gets their clicks , views , and neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral of neutral assed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? lol
if you positive to neutral until neutral neutral to hpositive thi , positive your eyes neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral from the neutral occurence , neutral neutral neutral 's obj neutral neutral demonstrated thi . neutral positive neutral negative of teams neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral with ( neutral , buf and kc neutral to positive . ) and neutral we neutral , neutral the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral of the neutral and neutral positive neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral hnegative examples of thi .
of neutral neutral positive positive . hpositive neutral clicks for neutral . you could neutral neutral negative neutral that says that negative mcdaniels thinks neutral aioli positive negative hnegative and neutral would neutral positive that that neutral neutral neutral neutral devante adams to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb .
neutral of the neutral and neutral diminisher neutral journalists , the neutral of neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral runs for neutral months neutral neutral . neutral guys positive florio neutral to neutral bills neutral neutral .
fuck florio , the wankee
neutral positive diminisher positive the neutral wants to neutral hnegative and hnegative stories for clicks ?
hpositive neutral neutral neutral posts neutral reddit
“ neutral . florio , neutral your ‘sources' neutral the neutral with neutral , neutral neutral ? ”
anyon neutral believes florio neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to years negative neutral how positive brady neutral neutral anyth and everyth neutral could to neutral neutral of tampa and neutral to the dolphins lmao
neutral diminisher neutral would hpositive ? neutral , neutral hpositive ! negative positive positive the neutral we neutral neutral .
neutral mean….half the neutral neutral of /r/nfl positive ari meirov . neutral 's negator negative positive we neutral negator neutral thi to ourselv .
how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral 's hnegative and neutral positive negator neutral neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral and positive themselv obsessed with clicks and neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral positive positive intensifier neutral neutral with neutral for intensifier neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral someth neutral . neutral positive they neutral hpositive neutral him neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral him to minnesota for neutral .
that positive the positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative things neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi hnegative neutral the neutral : negator neutral positive england wants to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral negative belichick to neutral bullied into neutral the patriots neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive from neutral years neutral
hpositive neutral for the neutral hpositive positive how the niners neutral neutral to neutral qb
gotta neutral negative neutral takes to neutral the neutral that gets clicks neutral your articles .
hpositive negator hpositive , neutral cares . patriots neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral negative positive with the patriots neutral neutral could negator neutral intensifier .
neutral positive negator insiderdom neutral , neutral positive negative aggregator/speculator neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive than belichick neutral the neutral
thi would neutral positive neutral neutral thinks the insiders motivations neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . their priorities neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral ) and to neutral their relationships with those neutral neutral them the stories ( neutral neutral promoting their agendas ) .
the positive neutral that could neutral positive those " journalists " hnegative their neutral sources when they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for clicks .
the consequences neutral non-existent becaus whoever has the spiciest neutral positive the neutral neutral gets aggregated . neutral neutral to their sites positive neutral that neutral of these reporters neutral neutral . and sinc neutral positive neutral , neutral positive negator intensifier neutral consequences hnegative than negative neutral positive neutral belichick intensifier neutral positive negator positive thi positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral shit , neutral neutral negator thi intensifier subreddit hpositive diminisher hnegative neutral ? intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral posts , and the neutral to neutral gets the neutral . followers of the subreddit neutral incentivized to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive , and the mods neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier that thi neutral of neutral positive neutral of neutral intensifier diminisher that positive hpositive . r/nfl positive intensifier neutral and neutral drives neutral neutral to the neutral neutral / neutral and neutral to the neutral 's neutral . intensifier journalists neutral neutral incentivized to neutral things that neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative outlets positive r/nfl that neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive neutral . neutral negative what neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral rules to neutral if neutral positive intensifier the positive neutral for nfl fans neutral reddit to neutral with the neutral .
to the neutral that neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral hpositive for the views and likes . the titans neutral hnegative neutral “ reporters ” neutral neutral neutral positive shit with “ per my neutral ” positive positive that makes neutral hpositive .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral canfora 's tweets neutral neutral negative neutral neutral " scoops . " neutral positive neutral neutral positive . positive neutral neutral positive . positive neutral neutral umpires . everybodi knows the hnegative ones , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier consequences . the neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive positive that hnegative mlb umps , neutral positive negator positive neutral hnegative them and allowing them to neutral hnegative .
the positive hnegative positive that neutral intensifier of these “ journalists ” neutral to positive they neutral negator journalists , they neutral hpositive neutral personalities / neutral creators . thi positive what positive hnegative , neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral positive hpositive , neutral positive when they neutral someth hnegative neutral negator neutral to neutral held neutral
intensifier when neutral and everyon claims neutral tries to neutral negative neutral
neutral albright neutral lol . hacks neutral to hnegative clicks .
intensifier neutral thi negative with positive negative . neutral seems positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral tries neutral to hnegative to neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral makes neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral of neutral journalists neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral to hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the nfl positive hasn't helped becaus they positive neutral them positive to hnegative and hnegative things dure positive negotiations , neutral neutral picks , and neutral . off-season positive the hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral for the nfl becaus of neutral the positive negative and hnegative .
im gonna negative hnegative of thi and hpositive that neutral neutral negative neutral has neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier diminisher neutral dedicated to hnegative neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral channels / positive neutral neutral journalists neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negative negative of neutral neutral with neutral sources . negative neutral “ reporters ” neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral tricked neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral
you positive neutral shefter would neutral donzo neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral nope , negator happened .
neutral neutral how thi positive hpositive neutral neutral should neutral negator positive neutral anymore positive than the kardashians neutral someth of that neutral .
if you neutral neutral to neutral journalists for hnegative neutral , positive you neutral to neutral coaches for neutral neutral neutral to the neutral they neutral positive obligated to neutral to
journalists for neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative these neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral and they neutral negator neutral positive . they hpositive they neutral neutral neutral things and negator neutral held neutral .
intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral msm makes neutral neutral from neutral to neutral neutral ?
neutral would positive that negative positive hnegative positive that neutral of the neutral neutral using themselv and neutral hnegative for neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral negator consequences . anytime someth positive neutral neutral anyon neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral 's neutral of neutral neutral their platforms . if they positive positive neutral hpositive thi would neutral itself and neutral neutral neutral the " insiders " neutral neutral neutral hnegative . they hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral tv / neutral / websites etc .
neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive , and positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the nba and nfl , neutral neutral neutral blows neutral neutral how positive of neutral neutral neutral and the neutral hpositive neutral of neutral . these insiders neutral the neutral positive of thi . neutral neutral positive positive and positive of neutral positive intensifier hnegative negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . “ the patriots hnegative neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral “ sources ” . - neutral ” whew , neutral neutral neutral my neutral positive .
hnegative to neutral neutral neutral runs their neutral neutral , brings neutral tons of neutral for their neutral neutral neutral neutral their clickbait , and the negator of having sources neutral the neutral neutral means they negator positive hnegative neutral .
neutral . neutral hnegative positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral that negative of " journalists " neutral hpositive of
neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral positive positive neutral neutral has created neutral neutral hpositive negative for neutral . the neutral of the negative positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral things neutral neutral neutral the nfl , neutral they neutral hpositive positive negator anyth positive positive to neutral . neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral clicks and neutral intensifier publishing neutral positive neutral hpositive from their neutral compared to neutral for hnegative neutral . they neutral neutral thi neutral becaus we neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral has hpositive hnegative neutral reporting . you neutral hpositive hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral headlines for neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive becaus neutral neutral positive negator neutral ; neutral positive hpositive negative neutral of the neutral neutral . you neutral the neutral to positive the neutral , and positive neutral the neutral to positive the metagame . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral positive from neutral vendors . neutral positive negator neutral neutral that when intensifier neutral happens neutral neutral , positive the positive hnegative negative neutral the redskins neutral , neutral neutral negator the neutral reporters that positive neutral , neutral neutral the intensifier reporters neutral the neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral / neutral bayless neutral of neutral positive intensifier positive neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral of hnegative positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral spaces neutral things for hnegative neutral , positive incentives hnegative everyth
> " journalists " that neutral neutral hnegative neutral biased stories . intensifier multistop insiderdom
neutral neutral neutral neutral has hpositive positive hnegative . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral with neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral invested neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to the neutral where when neutral neutral breaks , hnegative of what the neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive hpositive how hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral positive hpositive to neutral hnegative and positive neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral negator . journalists - neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral - neutral to neutral neutral their reputations . neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral and hpositive positive neutral and hnegative . of neutral that neutral neutral when neutral subscribed to newspapers and magazines . they positive negator neutral neutral " clicks " and courting positive for them .
they neutral neutral neutral becaus fans negator hpositive themselv . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral / cnn , neutral neutral the bullshit , neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral should neutral neutral neutral that tracks the hpositive percentages of these “ reporters ” . diminisher we neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive positive woj for neutral . neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative reporters positive neutral positive negative their views would neutral neutral positive and that would neutral their neutral . neutral neutral .
thi positive hpositive of neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral neutral
the journalists neutral neutral to neutral clicks , negator the hpositive .
neutral positive neutral to neutral negator to hpositive neutral from semi-journalists positive florio
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive . when neutral positive neutral to the nfl neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to shef .
and thi neutral neutral negator to negative neutral changes . the neutral admits to neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative and positive adding to the negative neutral neutral neutral guys for neutral positive what neutral neutral .
shefter neutral intensifier neutral neutral someth and espn positive neutral neutral him neutral positive neutral someth neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral negator positive these journalists neutral trusted neutral neutral neutral of players and coaches which neutral neutral neutral they seems to neutral hnegative neutral the neutral
the hnegative positive you negator neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral if neutral neutral says they heard neutral negative neutral hasn't neutral hpositive positive neutral positive negator hpositive how neutral athletes hpositive positive " negator hpositive hnegative neutral " when the neutral portrays them hnegative neutral if the neutral positive positive hpositive .
neutral nfl neutral negative fitd thi neutral .
my neutral ( with years of neutral neutral ) would neutral neutral intensifier neutral of them .
if neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral with neutral lies neutral tv for years , journalists neutral neutral neutral hpositive risk-free .
the consequences neutral hnegative your sources and neutral ignored neutral fans .
if you neutral thi positive hnegative , neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier industries where hnegative positive matters , positive the positive markets . “ neutral institutes ” that neutral positive neutral sellers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positions and positive positive bs reports that negative companies . neutral negative neutral the neutral breaks and the neutral of the neutral declines , they neutral their positions for neutral neutral . positive the neutral responds neutral the neutral positive intensifier hnegative , and the neutral rebounds . the nfl 's hnegative neutral neutral that pretends to neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral compared to the positive neutral .
neutral hpositive how neutral complained neutral reporters , neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral that neutral the neutral neutral !
neutral . neutral suffered neutral to years of deflategate . neutral positive positive my neutral neutral , hpositive .
neutral 's neutral stats neutral neutral . if they neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral they should neutral negative hpositive neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive that neutral boggs positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative to hpositive schefters neutral neutral hpositive from neutral neutral .
they should neutral stat neutral of insiders . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral drops and we neutral neutral negative mvp of neutral insiders neutral neutral .
>florio claimed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral “ negative , positive neutral . ”
thi positive neutral you neutral your neutral papers and neutral your neutral guys . neutral guys neutral neutral the neutral dudes neutral !
felger neutral neutral neutral the florio neutral , neutral how dysfunctional belichick positive . positive neutral called neutral to positive negative neutral hpositive debunked florio , felger hpositive neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral negator positive that ” and neutral to hpositive shit neutral neutral belichick and neutral . neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive happened to hnegative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive . neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral to thi negative ? felger positive negative negative negative .
>>that 's what happened to positive volin , the neutral neutral 's neutral nfl neutral . " *who positive positive volin* ? " - neutral holley
>after neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral to negative . neutral positive destined to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . if neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and pm . thi would negator neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral to my hpositive , and neutral positive neutral overthrown . neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral neutral positive what positive hnegative with neutral , neutral , neutral , and neutral my cankles .
>in hours , florio neutral from neutral that neutral neutral neutral him belichick has “ shopped neutral to neutral teams ” to neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive whether belichick neutral “ intensifier positive ” neutral neutral neutral negative qb . neutral neutral negator positive what florio heard / neutral neutral / neutral thi neutral / neutral neutral neutral these neutral neutral negator neutral negative
neutral neutral they intensifier hpositive statements . you neutral neutral for someth negator neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral becaus chri simms neutral neutral thi neutral negator neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral and the neutral neutral negator neutral when negative to him . positive curran negative texted him and asked wtf neutral you neutral multiquestion neutral positive your neutral neutral thi . ( neutral talked to florio neutral neutral podcast neutral ) .
neutral shit . what neutral positive . we should neutral neutral florio “ neutral from neutral neutral , ” neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral whose positive to drinks .
florio positive the neutral of intensifier hnegative negative passed hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral perceived neutral neutral . the neutral neutral hnegative than neutral " reporting " positive neutral " neutral " . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral website neutral to nfl neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral neutral hpositive someth to others' reporting for diminisher neutral . anyth neutral trys to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral should neutral ignored .
simms and florio neutral intensifier hnegative neutral .
the positive of that neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral has negator to neutral with thi neutral smacks of negative neutral with what they neutral 'very hpositive statements' neutral florio . neutral neutral they positive neutral him , that hpositive means neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator 'really serious' neutral negotiations and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that . they neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral neutral neutral
neutral should neutral him neutral .
what positive neutral stoolie ?
neutral neutral florio
> neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral fooled neutral neutral stoolie . > > negative neutral lol
fuck florio for thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral becaus neutral neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator positive neutral what positive neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral that they neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral negative the patriots neutral positive neutral dumpster neutral . neutral the hpositive positive , neutral takes neutral to neutral .
neutral the neutral years neutral negator neutral positive hnegative , hpositive hpositive neutral . neutral dure neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive for anyon negator named the patriots
negative we positive neutral these reports dure the neutral years .
they positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral years neutral , neutral negator neutral intensifier noticed becaus neutral of them positive neutral hnegative . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral positive to negative , and belichick would negator neutral them anyth . intensifier , they mastered the positive of hpositive neutral rumors . they realized that they could hpositive neutral shit , and positive hnegative journalists would neutral to neutral and negator neutral would neutral them neutral when they positive hnegative . neutral that the neutral positive negator negative auto-lock for negative afccg neutral , thi shit positive gets neutral
ppl neutral positive the neutral with thi neutral positive neutral diminisher positive hnegative , that positive neutral positive hpositive biased journalists neutral hpositive of their positive hnegative neutral neutral reported their neutral neutral neutral neutral brady and belichick , neutral neutral called lies and clickbait . positive brady neutral . neutral neutral reported neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral neutral . ripped neutral lies and clickbait . positive cameras hnegative neutral positive neutral patricia neutral hpositive neutral neutral reported neutral neutral neutral neutral zappe overtaking neutral the neutral . lies and clickbait neutral neutral ? mccourty retires and says diminisher guys neutral the neutral neutral wanted zappe to neutral
what positive negative positive neutral neutral negative patricia neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive that , neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral the neutral and neutral that intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive
> neutral hpositive neutral neutral pressures neutral to neutral . the neutral neutral rumors positive bs , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from the neutral reporters neutral positive someth neutral neutral the neutral neutral bb and neutral . neutral anyon neutral the neutral if thi positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral positive , neutral would negator neutral positive . for neutral , neutral positive neutral pr neutral of hiring negative hc , hpositive negative , neutral neutral the owners meetings neutral wants negative to neutral negative hc . these things neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral reporting to neutral that neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive .
neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and positive that they neutral hpositive hpositive negative .
neutral if you neutral neutral fuck , neutral neutral negative that you should neutral neutral with neutral negative of neutral and neutral negator neutral outraged and positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative lol
pats fans hpositive to " neutral " positive rumors with the brady neutral neutral . for years neutral neutral hnegative stories neutral brady neutral to neutral and hating neutral neutral those stories positive neutral hnegative . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral could , and everyon points neutral the clickbait and says " neutral they neutral the neutral neutral ! "
neutral diminisher negator hpositive into these negative reports . neutral neutral when neutral positive rumblings that aj negative positive neutral to neutral traded neutral neutral neutral hnegative , and positive neutral happened . negative neutral negator hpositive .
neutral of them neutral hpositive neutral . they neutral neutral from agents negative to reporters to neutral stories neutral neutral for their players .
neutral positive positive reports positive thi neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive florio , neutral positive negative neutral hnegative neutral the nfl / neutral neutral neutral neutral
when neutral we neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral ? neutral we neutral neutral to that ?
neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral , the consumers , to hpositive these jokes neutral their negative neutral . neutral everyon flocks to agrigator sites neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive addicts positive for neutral hpositive neutral ( i'm neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral )
lol positive we neutral neutral neutral that florio positive neutral negative for the neutral neutral and to positive positive of intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive negative of positive guys + positive neutral guys for neutral neutral . thi positive negator someth positive neutral of neutral we neutral that “ nfl insiderisn positive positive ” neutral neutral affects the patriots and their neutral neutral mafia .
neutral neutral thi mindset positive positive what causes the hnegative . thi neutral positive neutral neutral nfl neutral for weeks and positive to neutral disproven neutral hpositive . neutral intensifier of neutral positive florio positive neutral negative , neutral we hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral . neutral positive what lets these journalists hpositive shit neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral from my neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral becaus that positive what neutral them the neutral neutral . neutral that ain't intensifier hpositive anymore .
negator they neutral negator , we positive negative neutral from the neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral battling neutral neutral neutral the positive to the negative . neutral neutral neutral of the reasons neutral the neutral neutral neutral happened .
ehhhhhh . tabloids neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral newspapers , and neutral hpositive newspapers neutral neutral kinds of hnegative bullshit ( intensifier pre-internet where negator neutral neutral checking ) . the hnegative positive intensifier that neutral neutral the neutral of neutral tabloids that neutral treated neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive becaus the incentives neutral neutral messed neutral . they could neutral the neutral to neutral their sources , neutral neutral , hpositive hnegative to neutral their words neutral , and neutral neutral they neutral positive to scoops and hnegative neutral opportunities . neutral they neutral positive negative things and neutral using negative terms and neutral clicks and neutral intensifier and intensifier neutral .
they neutral to neutral hpositive becaus if they neutral negator they positive neutral and disgraced . neutral neutral negator consequences neutral .
neutral positive reports neutral negator positive . if neutral intensifier surprised if you neutral negator neutral them
neutral positive negative of stories and reporting neutral the neutral , neutral reports , neutral neutral . neutral neutral upvote the hnegative rumors they negative to positive
neutral neutral downvote and neutral everyth from florio that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
yup . neutral hpositive negative neutral these " reporters " neutral neutral neutral bullshit *feeds into positive what they want* . they neutral negator neutral that you neutral shitting neutral them , becaus you neutral positive to positive their neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral to their neutral neutral to neutral hpositive that you should neutral shitting neutral them . and the intensifier they neutral talked neutral , the intensifier neutral amplifies their bullshit and neutral finds neutral neutral to negative toons neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator the fans' neutral to hpositive the hpositive from the lies . neutral neutral neutral positive positive for neutral to neutral the hnegative .
we neutral *entirely* hpositive for neutral . you neutral thi positive what these reporters negative to neutral neutral with their lives ? negator neutral . neutral they hpositive what we negative to positive , intensifier they neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral that positive destroyed neutral neutral . anyon with neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator repercussions for them . their sources positive “ hpositive hnegative neutral ” intensifier neutral guys that neutral to neutral legit ( negator neutral florio . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier with shefter ) neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral , which positive to negative reporting neutral hpositive hnegative presenting rumors neutral rumblings neutral neutral neutral checking .
how neutral neutral negative the pats ?
hpositive for hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier intensifier for neutral neutral . positive neutral negator hpositive that y'all neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral makes neutral positive hpositive neutral what the pats neutral to positive they positive hpositive . neutral makes neutral positive hpositive neutral what the pats neutral to positive they neutral neutral dumpster hpositive destined for neutral for the neutral neutral years . negative thi with entitled yo pats fans neutral positive expectations neutral and neutral with lombardi trophies stoking the fires from the neutral of the fanbase and you neutral what we neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral pats neutral negator neutral neutral .
positive , neutral negative to positive the hnegative neutral , the neutral gives their customers what they negative , negator hpositive than neutral neutral .
what neutral positive positive england fans neutral thi neutral positive negative supporters of florio years neutral bc neutral neutral negative the neutral for how they neutral deflategate , intensifier neutral negative to the negative of positive neutral neutral neutral cases neutral neutral bc neutral says someth that they neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral and they neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of shit neutral neutral they ppl they neutral relying neutral to 'contradict' him neutral using the neutral 'unnamed sources say' neutral
deflategate neutral intensifier neutral that brady positive negative . that positive neutral neutral to neutral .
the neutral ppl neutral positive neutral if neutral posts neutral paywalled neutral neutral hpositive
neutral the neutral rumors thi neutral positive criticizing neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral the neutral redditors ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
florio neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral the pats positive neutral neutral with teams neutral , neutral and neutral . reports positive neutral neutral that teams neutral , neutral and neutral negator positive positive with the pats
yep . years neutral , years neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral conjuring neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral negator gonna neutral pissed hnegative becaus florio neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hnegative of neutral hpositive .
lol that positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral if neutral positive whose hnegative positive that ? neutral with the ppl clicking neutral that 'clickbait' and negative to neutral to publications that neutral negator positive neutral clicks
brady positive neutral neutral of neutral and neutral for the dolphins hpositive .
we neutral neutral to neutral into positive that the players neutral the nba neutral diminisher neutral of the neutral . when neutral neutral wants someth to neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive .
positive the neutral to florio 's neutral positive positive neutral shakespeare 's 'the neutral doth protestest negative neutral methinks' neutral positive everyon intensifier neutral neutral thi ? we negative neutral players neutral shopped neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive players than neutral neutral positive england fans neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the 'state of journalism' bc neutral nobodies reported that their neutral sources neutral with florio 's neutral . that positive neutral . negator neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral thi proves neutral positive 'broken' ? lmao
neutral explained neutral neutral
the positive positive reporters contradicting themselv . it'd neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral committed to neutral neutral / neutral and others contradicted them . neutral reporting someth neutral neutral and positive hours neutral claiming you negator neutral neutral that neutral positive diminisher positive bullshit .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive to neutral neutral the pats . ~~he neutral neutral 's coordinator neutral alabama~~ . neutral would negative bb wants to neutral neutral neutral with neutral with neutral for neutral neutral .
becaus neutral positive negator hpositive , and neutral positive negator neutral of neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral ?
> neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral belichick called neutral neutral negative of gms and neutral " what would you neutral neutral for neutral neutral ? " neutral the hopes that neutral would neutral neutral firsts neutral neutral intensifier neutral , and positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the qb . neutral neutral , thi would neutral negative hnegative neutral to neutral that neutral , intensifier neutral you positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral “ neutral ” bothers neutral neutral intensifier than neutral should . neutral positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral and neutral of neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative . negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator hnegative the neutral of shitty neutral negative generations neutral positive to .
hpositive when florio positive intensifier positive than neutral of redditors
negator , positive volin neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral positive . you neutral positive of neutral tomase . neutral neutral and neutral neutral apologized for the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive promoted to neutral the negative sox . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral consequences to these actions and neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral the neutral neutral has diminisher to negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral that positive negator neutral
zappe positive neutral neutral the bears neutral lol , the neutral things neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral clipboard
positive they would hpositive hpositive positive “ sources ”
neutral of the hnegative positive , neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral you neutral negator neutral , negator negative how negative you neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral . if neutral positive shared neutral , downvote neutral . we neutral hpositive neutral the positive of these negative sources neutral negator neutral into their games .
that positive negative their sources neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral you neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive fabricated from negator .
neutral neutral positive neutral anyon verifying sources ? positive if neutral neutral florio neutral neutral neutral , could neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive to positive anyon 's sources neutral hpositive hnegative than if their neutral neutral to neutral ?
>when they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for clicks . thi positive negator what positive neutral . they neutral negator " neutral for clicks " and neutral neutral neutral . they neutral repeating what they neutral neutral neutral neutral those sources . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral from negative " neutral , " what you neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral *wanted* you to neutral . neutral would hpositive negator positive for neutral of those sources to neutral negative to journalists , becaus the journalists neutral neutral them with neutral neutral .
the hnegative with that positive that neutral positive positive hpositive to diminisher neutral . neutral offices neutral neutral info to reporters neutral neutral smokescreen neutral neutral to hpositive neutral where their leaks neutral if hnegative neutral has positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier consequences to the teams if neutral figures neutral hpositive neutral shit neutral for clicks , intensifier neutral would they neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative hnegative neutral manish mehta and neutral positive that neutral for neutral intensifier than hpositive publishing hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for assholes neutral blacklisted neutral of the neutral .
how neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral vs neutral neutral them that info neutral ? everyon has negative agenda…i neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hpositive that neutral positive . everyon neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral truths to neutral and neutral someth their neutral .
neutral says they neutral neutral neutral from the sources neutral . neutral intensifier positive patricia positive neutral intensifier of thi . sources neutral diminisher neutral for hpositive the hpositive . neutral they neutral the hpositive becaus they neutral someth hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral negative to positive positive neutral negative the neutral to neutral them . neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral for positive reasons .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral to the guys neutral neutral hnegative . positive multistop negative positive neutral multistop we negator neutral neutral articles from neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral . neutral neutral them neutral . neutral hnegative neutral , neutral knows !
thi positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative . " neutral neutral " positive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral of these sociopathic companies neutral neutral . hpositive doesn'te ven neutral into the neutral . negator of these guys neutral neutral neutral to neutral consequences becaus their bs takes they neutral neutral neutral of their neutral asshole " drives neutral " and neutral negative neutral deemed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral lies .
neutral neutral , the neutral neutral to intensifier neutral neutral these assholes neutral would neutral to neutral neutral the neutral that neutral the neutral .
nah , the consequences neutral non-existent becaus these guys neutral neutral neutral positive what they positive paid to neutral . neutral , neutral heftier negator neutral calls the neutral neutral neutral stories , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral claimed deshaun watson neutral “ positive ” , positive positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral for nfl neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and the nfl , and they neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral trafficking neutral neutral of their employees becaus of neutral ( positive , the houston texans *knowingly* neutral neutral neutral trafficking neutral with negative neutral neutral would hpositive victims for watson , and they neutral positive them signing ndas , neutral the nyt ) .
if the nfl and teams cared they could neutral neutral . for neutral , florio neutral hnegative could neutral positive teams to positive neutral for neutral intensifier legit colleagues neutral nbc and affiliated programs . that would hnegative things intensifier neutral
positive thi . neutral neutral meirov neutral neutral of messages has comments positive " neutral neutral we neutral neutral meirov neutral " and positive neutral positive negator neutral , negator neutral .
negator to neutral meirov and kleiman posts neutral pushed to the neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral gets posts promoted .
that positive neutral of the positive . positive .
intensifier positive how tweets neutral what neutral neutral neutral gets hundreds of upvotes .
> and the neutral to neutral gets the neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral of the neutral mods neutral posts from " non-trusted posters " intensifier neutral neutral diminisher accounts neutral to neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
you hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ( to my neutral ) positive paid for the likes and clicks they neutral . negator 's neutral hpositive positive neutral marred neutral negative neutral neutral neutral reddit .
thi subreddit positive neutral of the positive reflections of the hnegative for hnegative , hnegative to positive if we neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the clickbait . neutral neutral
we neutral positive negator neutral of the neutral , neutral negator takes reddit positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive /r/soccer
> neutral neutral negative negative of neutral neutral with neutral sources . thi positive intensifier how neutral of neutral neutral . if you neutral hnegative sources should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral to neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral positive and the neutral neutral neutral experts neutral neutral hpositive mocks . neutral they neutral positive “ neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to the patriots neutral neutral of my negative drafts ! ”
rumors . that positive what rumors neutral . that positive what neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral . intensifier the insiders neutral intensifier than hpositive to neutral that . intensifier when neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive boundaries neutral consequences .
neutral positive the neutral neutral him , when neutral gets called neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral hairs and neutral games with words to negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , positive hnegative positive what makes him neutral hnegative than your neutral bullshitter
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reports neutral neutral “ negative , positive neutral . ”
neutral neutral hpositive when neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral from positive brady , neutral belichick , neutral neutral neutral affiliated with the neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral with the felger and mazz neutral . felger and mazz positive neutral positive that they neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive intensifier positive ( neutral neutral hnegative neutral ) neutral to how hnegative rumors and " neutral positive neutral positive positive thi " neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative spewed neutral neutral negative neutral . you positive neutral neutral negative neutral malcolm neutral neutral the sb neutral brady 's neutral neutral positive neutral decisions neutral if they hpositive positive neutral and how everyth happened , and positive if you neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral hpositive " neutral neutral , everyon knows neutral , neutral positive hpositive . " and neutral neutral the neutral the neutral *always* happens to neutral neutral the juiciest neutral neutral hnegative for neutral , neutral neutral ( neutral neutral hnegative targets ) . if you hpositive the narratives neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral when neutral you neutral negative with listens , sinc they positive neutral neutral with braindead takes positive " neutral positive held brady neutral . " neutral that shit drives ratings , intensifier neutral negative we neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral hpositive positive neutral diminisher becaus of what that jackhole has neutral to the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher positive than neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive downvoted neutral the pats subreddit neutral those neutral clowns negative negative neutral . neutral positive positive , " neutral neutral for what neutral positive - neutral . " hnegative , neutral those neutral morons neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral listened to .
neutral positive hnegative neutral , neutral neutral that . neutral has positive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral positive unless you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , and the positive neutral to neutral neutral fans neutral positive to neutral them hnegative
my neutral and neutral neutral neutral to bsoton neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral tv . neutral neutral positive my neutral positive dumber than neutral neutral years neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral to felger and maz neutral neutral .
him and maz neutral hnegative . they neutral neutral to shit neutral the neutral teams and neutral contrarian .
neutral neutral to neutral positive , *consistently and with approval* . neutral that , negator surprises neutral .
neutral holley neutral the neutral neutral coined " positive trollin' "
neutral negator the funniest neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive duped . neutral k&c neutral neutral neutral borges to positive neutral neutral positive to positive yee neutral the brady / neutral neutral neutral and borges publishing neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive the neutral , if you positive believed your " neutral " , positive you would hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral him becaus you neutral that neutral . backtracking and neutral you neutral negator positive positive what you reported positive neutral of nuts . neutral negative reporting shit you neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive ? that neutral negative positive neutral , we neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative and negator neutral hpositive you would neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral of neutral florio gets from neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral positive positive hnegative . neutral neutral that neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral stoolie positive and neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and that neutral hnegative imo
neutral , the neutral statements intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative . neutral could neutral belichick shopped neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral him for neutral first-round picks . intensifier neutral positive hpositive that belichick neutral negative to hnegative teams neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive that belichick neutral intensifier neutral to neutral what neutral of offers hnegative neutral neutral than intensifier neutral to neutral him .
neutral years of neutral hnegative , neutral the neutral the neutral spins neutral you positive neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of games neutral the neutral years .
> neutral takes neutral to neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative neutral longtime neutral cornerstones neutral brady and positive mcdaniels . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral how hpositive you neutral , you neutral hpositive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral when you neutral
bengals positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral brady and the patriots neutral negator neutral that . hpositive , the patriots neutral neutral for their “ neutral ” neutral neutral negative neutral negative and afc neutral negative . they neutral negator positive hnegative neutral their neutral with belichick positive neutral positive neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral .
thi hnegative neutral positive to you , neutral neutral positive neutral that diminisher reports positive hpositive neutral neutral positive bs . neutral , brady neutral positive negator hnegative neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral with bb lol
the neutral neutral brady and belichick neutral clickbait , becaus the stories positive positive neutral for positive years neutral that neutral . and sinc positive , the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral things neutral eachother .
" neutral " uh , negator they neutral negator neutral thi neutral .
the positive positive that neutral neutral of programs and podcasts neutral thi neutral that florio hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral that neutral programs neutral these rumors neutral neutral developments . neutral neutral thi neutral negative florio neutral , neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral that pretends to neutral intensifier to negator neutral .
negator becaus reddit pedants positive negative neutral positive positive neutral positive negator neutral sinc neutral positive the neutral of neutral things neutral
neutral negative neutral you neutral neutral neutral how to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral you positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral lmao . what neutral neutral neutral . positive you neutral with the neutral of the neutral neutral your neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral mafia ? positive that you , donald neutral ? lmao
neutral positive we , neutral posts neutral neutral neutral of the subreddit neutral neutral
“ neutral hpositive ” neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral of words . neutral positive intensifier that hpositive neutral someth if you wanted to neutral hpositive .
negative , we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral owned the neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral could neutral hnegative letters to the neutral ( himself ) shit-talking neutral philly socialites .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral in-between the and neutral . the hpositive neutral , from to required journalists to neutral differing viewpoints diminisher . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the positive for negative journalists .
hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive . the intensifier positive positive that neutral the positive , anyon neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral milliseconds with neutral kinds of - neutral neutral . neutral the neutral hpositive negative papers positive neutral negative neutral and positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral for falsehoods to neutral and positive neutral . positive neutral has amplified the hnegative intensifier . you neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral of neutral , negative neutral spreads neutral hpositive neutral , and negative neutral negator neutral knows what intensifier anymore and neutral neutral hnegative to negative neutral from neutral . tldr : neutral negator changed neutral the platforms neutral
hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral . " soandso looked shitty thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral followed neutral with " nevermind , negative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral that negative of negative .
that positive positive steps neutral to neutral than what thi neutral positive negative neutral
thi positive the neutral dawg
neutral neutral neutral the neutral for hpositive with contacting bama for hpositive negative how hnegative our ocs positive lastyearand neutral bb himself multistop the hosts neutral him neutral negative neutral multistop
neutral pats fans neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to the hpositive vs the negative neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative them for neutral neutral the hnegative . that positive negator positive . how positive negative the neutral for neutral bullshit neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral rumormongering and neutral baiting .
when neutral neutral says neutral neutral , and hnegative intensifier trusted neutral positive negative , neutral negator neutral the hnegative . neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive for you to positive . neutral : negator positive you neutral the neutral from the neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral argues against strawmen . neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral negator negative to neutral with you neutral
> neutral neutral bc neutral says someth that they neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral and they neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral of shit neutral neutral they ppl they neutral relying neutral to 'contradict' him neutral using the neutral 'unnamed sources say' neutral negator , neutral positive neutral neutral negative becaus neutral contradicted himself and neutral the hnegative positive sources and hnegative reporters debunked him . neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral how negative the deflategate neutral neutral . neutral neutral should , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
brady neutral negative for neutral hnegative . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral pissed them hnegative intensifier they neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral to negative him . goodell neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral judgement .
negator , the neutral neutral brady negator hnegative . the nfl appealed and neutral " hnegative neutral negator , neutral neutral negator , neutral positive neutral our neutral to neutral anyon for anyth " , and they neutral that . neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral and positive neutral to neutral them hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the players and the neutral neutral that seemed to neutral neutral the players neutral , neutral negator neutral cared neutral the players neutral .
neutral you neutral reddit positive negator negative neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive hnegative hpositive things neutral to neutral intensifier positive ? neutral neutral negative thi neutral . neutral the “ neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral ! ” neutral positive positive of the neutral neutral neutral hnegative of what neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral . you positive neutral to neutral blinders neutral to negative positive you neutral negator hpositive what neutral positive negative neutral .
positive , if you neutral negator neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral missed negative neutral that neutral neutral , you missed the bs neutral . with neutral neutral , these neutral stories neutral neutral neutral stories and neutral rumors neutral neutral neutral stories .
" hnegative the consumers for my shitty neutral , they neutral buying thi neutral "
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus they neutral negator positive florio neutral neutral negator positive the neutral . thi positive how neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral reports someth , positive fans & pundits negative neutral neutral neutral tv & neutral for weeks neutral neutral for neutral purposes . negator 's positive , neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
where neutral florio neutral himself ? neutral neutral belichick 'has shopped' neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral discussions positive neutral asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral neutral 'really serious' neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral 'really serious' neutral . happens neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive neutral the tires neutral of the neutral writers negator neutral of positive england has neutral heard of neutral neutral 'disproved' these rumors neutral neutral neutral sources neutral they positive negator 'shopping' neutral . neutral that positive neutral neutral , florio referred to these events neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral - negator hnegative journalists for neutral to neutral the neutral up-to-date neutral they neutral neutral to . if they neutral their reporting neutral means that stronger neutral newer neutral has replaced neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive to neutral neutral the pats . neutral neutral neutral 's coordinator neutral neutral . neutral thi positive intensifier hnegative . neutral jones' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral o'brien neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral you neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral how neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral positive , " neutral hpositive thi neutral positive hnegative becaus . "
you neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive my neutral idiots neutral . they neutral positive positive .
neutral negator with that neutral .
positive when positive volin positive positive neutral diminisher months neutral . diminisher rando dmed him with what neutral " positive that neutral neutral the neutral positive of gillette neutral overheard " , positive neutral neutral and neutral the screenshots neutral positive volin neutral with neutral .
they positive hpositive hpositive shit neutral our of their neutral neutral hnegative ! and we positive upvote that shit and neutral neutral !
neutral of them neutral neutral negator neutral using sources , they hpositive positive moves that they positive hpositive positive and positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral to sources .
neutral neutral positive thi neutral these threads negative the journalists for neutral what makes neutral neutral neutral things positive positive negative neutral neutral for putting positive dishes neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral types . neutral positive the types neutral neutral hpositive mouthpieces for orgs . neutral positive the types neutral neutral hpositive mouthpieces for agents . positive neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral online positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , positive diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , positive neutral moves neutral the neutral neutral neutral until everybodi positive reporting neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral that the neutral neutral hpositive diminisher rando neutral the internet .
positive . neutral positive negator positive that these " sources " neutral legit and neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral someth that could neutral the breaks neutral the hnegative rumors that neutral neutral to their sites . neutral reporters neutral questioned the hpositive of florio 's neutral sinc neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral thi the hnegative neutral - neutral the neutral of neutral verifying sources you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , and we neutral hpositive florio has positive neutral of shit for years . neutral should intensifier neutral banned from thi neutral . guys positive schefter , neutral if you negative him , neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral stories . neutral to the patriots , neutral reiss positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive " reporters " positive woj neutral schefter neutral neutral neutral mouthpieces for franchises . when they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral info they hpositive hpositive shit neutral the neutral of the neutral .
nba , neutral neutral : neutral neutral neutral the neutral , dure the neutral of chri broussard 's " neutral sources " neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive noticed that neutral neutral lurking , neutral notes , and positive repeating comments neutral on-air . neutral 's hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of fellas that started neutral intensifier , intensifier hnegative takes neutral neutral , and neutral regurgitated neutral diminisher of them neutral tv . hpositive hpositive .
the hnegative positive when hnegative “ journalists ” negative their neutral positive neutral when neutral they neutral positive positive jokes neutral neutral rodgers neutral neutral teams neutral .
neutral that kid neutral your neutral neutral that positive negative neutral that neutral neutral nintendo ? neutral hpositive what happened to him ? neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral negative neutral communications and neutral positive negative nfl neutral neutral the neutral shit neutral neutral toms neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral diminisher “ reporters ” neutral neutral that positive bullshit reports neutral the neutral . diminisher of them neutral neutral neutral into blogs with neutral . neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ” has positive intensifier positive neutral their lies that they neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral has neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral bs
neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral to neutral if the neutral of hnegative sources positive positive and hpositive . neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral your neutral , positive you neutral neutral and neutral intensifier negator neutral positive hnegative the neutral .
negative positive neutral intensifier positive neutral with things positive thi becaus leaks neutral neutral neutral their jobs and neutral neutral them neutral neutral negative .
multistop neutral positive positive what positive neutral . negator neutral takes neutral to neutral anyth becaus you gotta neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral the positive neutral hpositive has positive transitioned to neutral neutral diminisher than negative ad-based neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral neutral . which has neutral others intensifier hnegative to changing their neutral practices . unless neutral positive internet positive neutral that breaks neutral neutral algorithms positive passed , the neutral internet positive neutral neutral neutral clickbait-to-ad neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral . thi has existed neutral neutral neutral and tv for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
if they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral means neutral neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral , intensifier neutral we neutral the intensifier hnegative .
neutral to your neutral positive . that positive neutral pff posts negative and neutral negative neutral neutral that has negator to neutral with their neutral neutral .
" neutral neutral " means neutral neutral neutral them . if the neutral negative to neutral neutral bullshit , how neutral you neutral that ?
the hnegative neutral neutral neutral with positive positive neutral positive neutral negative of teachers patting themselv neutral the neutral becaus neutral negative neutral of students shows hpositive how *engaged* they neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral publications intensifier sociopathic for positive to hpositive neutral than intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral positive dov we neutral negative positive with , negator meirov
negator hnegative what you neutral neutral . users neutral upvote tweets neutral and neutral and neutral neutral and downvote neutral posts . you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral kleiman neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral to andi neutral , neutral neutral neutral “ neutral positive burger ” upvotes awards
neutral the neutral your pulling neutral of your neutral you neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral anyon positive positive , hpositive how hpositive positive neutral for the nfl neutral to neutral clickbait neutral posts .
>but negator takes reddit positive intensifier hnegative , intensifier neutral these circumstances . reddit hnegative neutral maligned neutral unseri neutral neutral , neutral for businesses that neutral neutral neutral hnegative platforms , positive journalists , reddit positive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral from neutral , neutral . neutral my neutral neutral , we would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . journalists , neutral marketers , seo marketers ( intensifier neutral neutral ) has reddit neutral neutral neutral of their neutral positive neutral becaus they hpositive that the neutral of reddit neutral from neutral neutral numbers .
thi positive neutral negative neutral neutral of how neutral neutral ruins neutral neutral . for neutral intensifier of intensifier neutral stories you neutral to hnegative your sources , when neutral neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral negative . neutral we neutral neutral neutral dudes neutral shit neutral and neutral neutral negator positive hnegative sources and neutral makes our lives hnegative
negator to neutral neutral the positive toward neutral hnegative neutral when they positive they neutral talked neutral to the neutral . neutral positive positive to hpositive neutral .
neutral negator neutral hnegative sources should negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative . how neutral you intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral my neutral ? positive neutral negative neutral to neutral for neutral neutral to hpositive their sources ? negative neutral reporters , intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral sources that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive diminisher rando pretending to neutral neutral they neutral negator . positive volin reported that neutral neutral the patriots neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has negative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive stoolie neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral borges reported that brady would neutral neutral of positive neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral garoppolo . neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral texted him pretending to neutral brady 's hpositive .
that positive the hnegative of journalists neutral neutral neutral with sources that neutral negator positive neutral to neutral articles , neutral neutral neutral to intensifier hnegative sources with agendas . if legit reporters neutral positive neutral neutral , positive they should neutral neutral their colleagues to neutral hpositive neutral neutral of defending them .
> neutral they neutral positive “ neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to the patriots neutral ~~one of~~ my negative draft~~s~~ ! ” ftfy . they positive negator positive the negative drafts that positive hnegative , makes them neutral hnegative .
the neutral neutral of the pft neutral positive positive the “ hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral ” neutral . neutral positive neutral labeled “ neutral and rumors ” neutral negator has intensifier changed… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for nfl neutral . florio hpositive projects neutral intensifier than neutral neutral to . neutral packaging neutral neutral scraps neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
to neutral neutral , neutral neutral gives bb the hpositive to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative . if neutral qb-needy neutral calls him with neutral hpositive neutral becaus of the rumors , neutral could neutral neutral if neutral positive inclined .
neutral positive neutral neutral crafted intensifier neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive to positive if neutral neutral sued for neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral with the nfl intensifier neutral dure the off-season , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral what moves neutral positive neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until neutral cuts of neutral and my neutral has positive hpositive for neutral
negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral that listened to eei positive
positive negator neutral " trollin' volin " ?
has negator to neutral with negative the neutral neutral negator , and florio neutral negator neutral . the neutral says neutral positive neutral shopped , florio reports that , florio positive says neutral neutral negator hpositive how positive the “ neutral ” positive … neutral ? that positive intensifier negative and negator negative . the neutral positive neutral neutral overreaction .
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral the negative of neutral positive diminisher hpositive . neutral positive negator positive florio positive reported , " neutral has neutral that belichick has positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive how positive neutral positive neutral neutral . " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral that these positive positive neutral talks . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of the hpositive of the offers until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral having positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral exceeded expectations . we neutral games with the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral to the playoffs with neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral with how negative neutral neutral neutral becaus of negative patricia we neutral neutral games . we neutral negator diminisher neutral hnegative neutral the neutral wants neutral to neutral .
pats = dumpster hpositive with negator positive . dolphins = the positive neutral for positive that everyon should neutral . neutral ? becaus those neutral the narratives that neutral clicks .
the neutral ? what neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral playoff neutral and neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral hpositive with seasons .
neutral neutral ain't joe neutral . intensifier neutral
>bengals positive the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . the bengals neutral sucked neutral positive hnegative for neutral of their neutral . neutral neutral them neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb . neutral 's negator neutral positive the bengals neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the years neutral neutral to the bengals neutral the sb they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral than we neutral neutral years . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years .
" neutral neutral " neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral years positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of r/nfl neutral positive schoolers neutral started neutral neutral
the bengals positive shit for diminisher the positive of brady 's neutral neutral positive england ? we neutral negative years of neutral hnegative neutral we neutral into bengals positive . > positive the neutral neutral the patriots lowest earned neutral neutral years positive thi neutral . if we positive negative neutral the shitter picking the neutral neutral , we positive neutral hpositive expectations positive
intensifier their neutral began neutral negative neutral they drafted their neutral qb ? the fuck neutral you negative neutral ? the bengals neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral for neutral loooooong neutral .
>it 's the neutral that neutral programs neutral these rumors neutral neutral developments . neutral positive the specifics of the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral neutral how neutral from espn neutral someth neutral nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and pti / neutral the neutral ( neutral diminisher neutral ) positive neutral what the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral / the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral brings neutral 'experts' to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral , etc . positive they neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral and eco-system for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral things neutral neutral hpositive . neutral makes things neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral itself
neutral positive hnegative . flames neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral you neutral neutral to positive that neutral positive negator hnegative neutral you ?
negator neutral neutral negator neutral that the neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral neutral that the neutral of “ nfl insiderdom neutral positive ” positive negator someth positive . neutral positive positive positive sinc the positive of neutral neutral anyon neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that .
daryl morey*
thi positive hpositive , neutral neutral has neutral depended neutral what the neutral wanted . that positive neutral we neutral positive rags neutral that neutral neutral neutral batkid neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral matters for the intensifier neutral of the neutral . neutral positive the hnegative to neutral negative that has changed . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral relationships for neutral stories , neutral your neutral neutral to positive and wider producers of neutral ( diminisher papers and neutral ) . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral clicks neutral neutral anyth neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral hpositive , to neutral positive . they hpositive neutral negator neutral anymore , becaus of neutral neutral . dure the neutral boggs positive neutral neutral named margo adams . she neutral with the neutral . reporters neutral neutral neutral she neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until she neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative women and neutral neutral neutral the negative whle neutral boggs for palimony . the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? becaus they positive hnegative neutral hnegative their neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , that would neutral the neutral neutral they would neutral neutral the negative sox , becaus the players would neutral to negative to them and the neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral things neutral . neutral , neutral happened to hpositive that manni ramirez neutral neutral to neutral traded neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral happened . the neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator allowed to neutral positive becaus the neutral neutral , the neutral that neutral neutral for positive positive reported that tedy bruschi 's neutral neutral neutral , and they would negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral negator negative on-record neutral . hnegative if neutral of those happened neutral . the rumors neutral ramirez would neutral positive positive for weeks neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , and anyon neutral neutral boggs neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral would neutral neutral photos neutral their neutral neutral and neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral . when your neutral positive to neutral the neutral , you negator neutral positive anymore becaus the negative of competing outlets positive positive larger . neutral you negative to neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral with followers neutral neutral , becaus you positive positive neutral your sources ?
> the hpositive neutral , from to required journalists to neutral differing viewpoints diminisher . reporting neutral neutral and reporting positive neutral negator the neutral neutral .
the hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral . neutral hpositive has neutral neutral that makes neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator existed .
the hpositive neutral neutral neutral to ota broadcasts .
>the hpositive neutral , from to required journalists to neutral differing viewpoints diminisher . negator , neutral neutral negator . the hpositive neutral neutral *horrible* . what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral *equal space* to differing neutral points . hpositive you neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral hnegative positive .
ah the hpositive neutral neutral of post-fdr neutral where the elites hnegative neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative positive diminisher negative of hpositive standards for things
neutral neutral , thi seems to neutral intensifier started neutral reported intensifier neutral . neutral positive positive , diminisher guys neutral neutral things neutral — neutral neutral neutral for neutral completions for neutral positive positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral those reports for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive .
negator intensifier , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral putting stats to hpositive neutral of positive ( including neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral tim neutral 's neutral neutral espn , and neutral hasn't positive neutral sinc
neutral positive asking for neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive neutral negator positive ?
thi neutral neutral has neutral neutral against pats fans neutral neutral hnegative for florio . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral
neutral negative them intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral they asked for . neutral asked them if they needed neutral neutral neutral and they neutral negator . positive they positive butthurt neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive positive neutral him they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral the emails and neutral the texts . that neutral of the neutral positive negative neutral negative hnegative . negator seems to negative to negative neutral how the colts balls positive neutral underinflated , neutral how negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral how negator neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral how the neutral neutral the colts neutral neutral that their db neutral the neutral and neutral " hey thi feelings underinflated " , neutral when asked the db laughed and neutral that negator , neutral happened and neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral the neutral . neutral how they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral the results . neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , they neutral and positive florio 's neutral neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral ( you hpositive , what florio reported ) neutral positive positive for neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative positive neutral neutral proves that florio neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral diminisher , clarifying what neutral of neutral neutral neutral
that positive fkn hnegative .
that positive intensifier hnegative
you neutral hpositive positive florio
neutral positive hnegative / negator hnegative neutral /r/cfb
positive neutral negator neutral . our neutral positive their hpositive . neutral negator neutral neutral to them .
intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral liked the neutral where positive brady neutral neutral to neutral neutral ~~*dancing with the stars*~~ *the hnegative singer* that positive neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral to neutral shitposting neutral neutral and diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral
positive neutral positive the neutral , neutral crimm .
> guys positive schefter , neutral if you negative him , neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral stories neutral neutral positive neutral “ schefter has neutral negative ” with “ schefter makes neutral neutral ” . shit neutral him neutral you negative for neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral when neutral would neutral the neutral clicks / positive drops neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral the hpositive of neutral bombs .
thi positive neutral we neutral tiers for reporters neutral neutral positive neutral rumors . and diminisher reporters neutral neutral for hnegative clubs neutral neutral to neutral for others . nfl could neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral of hpositive neutral “ fuck florio ” we could hpositive positive that florio positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive .
that positive what neutral intensifier positive neutral thi neutral , if you neutral neutral the comments you neutral hpositive neutral from fans if neutral neutral neutral positive legit neutral negator . neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral that neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to and positive “ if ____ positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive ” helps neutral neutral the bullshit neutral diminisher hpositive
neutral neutral neutral jets neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral reiss neutral our neutral . neutral cimini positive hnegative !
florio neutral attempting to neutral stories neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier agents than franchises that neutral them neutral mouthpieces
schefter has positive that neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral positive fabricated stories hpositive to " neutral things neutral . "
they neutral neutral neutral bs to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral negative neutral , which positive neutral negative neutral of the hnegative .
wsj negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral largest newspapers neutral the neutral neutral positive positive to , which sucks
shoutout neutral - neutral neutral from the neutral of deadspin and neutral their year-end financials for subscribers neutral neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral non-ad neutral website with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral signing neutral for the neutral , neutral the neutral positive hpositive negator neutral
the positive positive when the internet neutral neutral , neutral publications positive online neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive , intensifier they neutral their neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the publications neutral neutral to hpositive neutral to neutral their employees and neutral the lights neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral to hpositive versions of the neutral neutral neutral
nah , meirov positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that mods deleted and positive reposted the kleiman neutral of neutral
the hnegative neutral positive editors , neutral negator neutral . the ap , which positive cares neutral neutral hpositive , has neutral positive of guidelines for when hnegative sources neutral neutral neutral : the neutral positive neutral and negator hnegative neutral negative , and positive hpositive to the neutral . the neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral the conditions of negative imposed neutral the neutral . the neutral positive positive , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . hnegative outlets with neutral hpositive neutral positive rules , neutral if they neutral hpositive mistakes . the hnegative neutral positive that neutral of these neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of negative neutral with those neutral of rules neutral neutral , neutral they neutral neutral neutral to their neutral neutral accounts , which absolves their neutral of neutral neutral benefits them neutral . and the neutral neutral thi positive neutral news-wide hnegative positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral and hnegative positive skills negative to neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive negator . you positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral from patriots fans neutral neutral positive that the neutral neutral positive negator neutral worthwhile neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral forces the neutral to neutral negative stories neutral the patriots .
positive intensifier of hpositive neutral if you neutral , neutral if you neutral negator . “ she 's hpositive flexing that she talks to players ”
>to hpositive their sources the neutral intensifier neutral neutral hnegative sources neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral your negative and positive neutral to your neutral neutral
>if legit reporters neutral positive neutral neutral , positive they should neutral neutral their colleagues to neutral hpositive neutral neutral of defending them . neutral hpositive neutral itt .
>florio hpositive projects neutral intensifier than neutral neutral to . neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral that florio likes to neutral intensifier than neutral positive neutral neutral neutral others neutral pretending neutral positive neutral someth hpositive neutral intensifier legit than they neutral . elon neutral neutral nasa neutral whoever the fuck should neutral neutral neutral to hpositive with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus that neutral fucker hasn't positive neutral neutral years . neutral positive neutral negator neutral re-breathe neutral neutral farts for neutral neutral neutral .
says the neutral neutral neutral the nfl subreddit neutral neutral
felger 's negator eei neutral .
neutral neutral holley neutral neutral with neutral mentions of " positive trollin' " , neutral positive neutral became " trollin' volin " neutral
neutral intensifier backtracked . you neutral to neutral applying hnegative positive to positive neutral neutral negator . neutral reported the neutral neutral the pats shopped neutral to neutral teams . neutral neutral . neutral neutral changed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , including the neutral 's gms , neutral that neutral positive hnegative .
neutral would hnegative neutral neutral everyon would neutral with the neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral would negator neutral negator negative how positive they neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral shitter hnegative
they neutral hpositive that neutral neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral neutral the hpositive has neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and hnegative that neutral neutral hiding neutral neutral vagaries / caveats neutral their neutral reporting
we positive neutral ( seahawks ) and negative ( bills ) neutral from neutral negative neutral with neutral positive you
neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral expectations ( neutral negative neutral ) and positive positive the neutral positive pulled neutral from neutral with how hnegative the neutral neutral . you negator wanna neutral your neutral hpositive positive decisions to hpositive them hnegative when the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral bb neutral the shit for hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral positive for hiring negative hnegative oc and neutral to positive the neutral and positive that neutral positive neutral positive neutral and that neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral upon neutral .
negator intensifier shit negative neutral would negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral of those to things . neutral neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral the expectations neutral what the fans , neutral , and hnegative owners / players / coaches negative .
and negator of our wrs neutral hpositive than the bengals using the bengals neutral the benchmark positive diminisher negative when they happened to neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral of the positive wrs neutral the nfl neutral neutral hpositive . patriots neutral negator positive the positive of neutral neutral for positive neutral picks positive hnegative teams , and neutral positive hnegative to neutral when you neutral negative neutral that positive negator neutral to neutral your neutral .
neutral the intensifier neutral , diminisher neutral the afc negative , negative positive to positive afc neutral . positive they neutral neutral contenders .
years negator neutral playoff positive and thi guys neutral positive they pulled neutral neutral neutral
positive , thi has happened neutral neutral occasions . neutral neutral with espn they positive that neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative when neutral neutral outlets neutral collaborators neutral negative .
flames neutral negator neutral neutral . someth positive positive neutral hpositive and has flames neutral hnegative of neutral . you negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral someth and neutral neutral neutral someth . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral hpositive makes positive neutral . how would you neutral neutral neutral neutral ? where positive neutral thi neutral neutral ? negator , that positive neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
neutral makes someth hnegative . neutral positive neutral , hnegative things neutral hnegative . unless you neutral neutral to positive you neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral . the neutral neutral that positive neutral positive if you neutral neutral the neutral positive contaminated neutral someth neutral positive worms , negator the neutral itself . if you neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive negative neutral of hnegative which hpositive means negator neutral , neutral that positive negator the neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral positive neutral of thi
the hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . *first , neutral positive hpositive to positive what the neutral neutral and what neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that pre-dated the neutral negative that we neutral neutral dominating intensifier neutral neutral networks . neutral neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral neutral positive which positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral appearances neutral neutral stations . the hpositive neutral required that stations neutral neutral neutral of neutral hpositive issues of neutral hpositive . the hpositive neutral negator required “ neutral neutral ” neutral the positive of hpositive hnegative for neutral neutral of negative positive neutral neutral minute-for-minute neutral . neutral negative programs and neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive positive to hpositive hnegative that neutral points of neutral positive presented neutral negative neutral neutral that the neutral would neutral negative to them . * *by neutral , “ neutral neutral ” neutral “ neutral opportunities ” stems from neutral hpositive neutral neutral the communications neutral – the positive provisions neutral the hnegative neutral neutral stations ( and neutral neutral systems ) of candidates for neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral requires that , if neutral neutral neutral gives neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hnegative candidates neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral . *
becaus thi neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral has positive negative neutral to negative the patriots and everyth neutral them . intensifier they neutral to neutral neutral anyth positive negative neutral neutral . neutral " neutral " would neutral him for anyth neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral negative ( from neutral sprained neutral neutral neutral ) to neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral bb . neutral the neutral neutral neutral " “ neutral neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral invented the neutral . ” neutral the neutral thi positive the neutral neutral that neutral hpositive negative for neutral neutral remarks negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi positive what they neutral for hours they neutral positive negative neutral neutral and intensifier neutral fans neutral neutral thi neutral . and neutral neutral negator neutral mentioned the bruins and how pasta should neutral . neutral neutral neutral multistop the neutral neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral that ? neutral negative to negative neutral neutral trades , neutral negator neutral ect ect
becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive someth you intensifier should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative negative to the coaches neutral the neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral positive negative neutral to neutral for neutral neutral hpositive . that positive negator neutral 's neutral and intensifier neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive brady would hnegative shit from neutral neutral neutral for neutral someth positive that .
neutral neutral negator hpositive if you neutral neutral with neutral neutral arguing with neutral .
with you intensifier . if anyth positive clickbait neutral positive thi neutral lol
> neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral hpositive for diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
>if neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative positive neutral neutral proves that florio neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral diminisher , clarifying what neutral of neutral neutral neutral if neutral reported " bb neutral qb neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral him " neutral would negator neutral positive neutral hpositive multistop neutral of neutral things neutral hpositive happened - neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive to negative the neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral patriots insiders neutral neutral and refuted neutral . neutral neutral positive toward negative negative neutral . florio positive negator neutral patriots neutral , intensifier neutral hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral has the neutral neutral that has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral talks for neutral neutral multistop
neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral florio : neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , neutral my neutral has positive that neutral neutral says , teams could neutral thi , neutral hnegative neutral that , neutral neutral negator intensifier claims neutral neutral neutral him someth positive that . neutral neutral negator positive neutral ( if neutral ) pft articles , neutral neutral neutral videos that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral .
neutral jlc
neutral of schroedingers
hpositive neutral neutral someth for the hnegative and neutral neutral neutral positive \*\*sad neutral noises\*\* neutral neutral intensifier neutral with thi shroedinger 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral where they neutral neutral neutral that neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how hpositive neutral neutral to negative these neutral folks , and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral joe mixon neutral traded and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sites and neutral heads .
iirc , and neutral hnegative negator , that that started neutral neutral high-effort reddit shitpost and positive intensifier neutral neutral that they mentioned neutral neutral negative hnegative nfl neutral .
neutral . atoz neutral nashville positive the neutral neutral for titans neutral . they neutral neutral neutral org neutral their reporters , neutral neutral neutral nashville , neutral neutral intensifier positive than others neutral neutral .
wr joe neutral positive neutral neutral for acl neutral thi neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive than neutral . neutral hpositive that they hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral . they neutral neutral info from neutral to the hnegative ( and hpositive factions neutral neutral neutral ) for scoops to neutral named neutral .
neutral positive neutral .
*sources neutral to neutral mahomes positive multistop * *lebron 's neutral positive neutral positive positive toward multistop * negator the fuck they neutral negator . mahomes girlfriend neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral what mahomes thinks neutral eric beinemy
intensifier ? when neutral neutral positive that ? neutral : neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive with thi neutral . positive for hpositive thi neutral neutral of messages hnegative .
sources positive positive brady positive neutral with the neutral dolphins
neutral ?
when the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral the neutral diminisher picks would neutral ( negative negative neutral neutral ) intensifier schefter dropped the rodgers to denver neutral intensifier neutral would neutral into neutral neutral
positive negator the positive yorker the neutral ?
neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral , which pumps neutral intensifier neutral of neutral that neutral neutral neutral than neutral diminisher neutral neutral owners neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's negator downplay the fuckery that those diminisher neutral neutral owners positive positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral floodgates opened . neutral neutral the spanish-american neutral for neutral . neutral the neutral nazis neutral of neutral dure the neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral positive , neutral negative neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral the internet neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral what positive hpositive .
negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral we hpositive meirov exists neutral neutral intensifier neutral . dov neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop
neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive approved for negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral . and that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral which positive what you neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative and neutral .
she neutral negator neutral neutral the “ *player x* hpositive neutral neutral ” neutral anymore and she neutral gets neutral positive of for neutral . neutral intensifier positive negator negative .
neutral neutral positive positive hnegative for diminisher neutral . neutral negator neutral that hnegative sources neutral negator negative . verifying sources neutral negator neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive . neutral means neutral hnegative your neutral positive positive neutral they positive they neutral and verifying that they would positive neutral neutral to the neutral they neutral neutral . positive neutral negative neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral their positive positive ?
> elon neutral lmao
and neutral negative thi neutral . neutral needed neutral intensifier positive and we blew atleast to intensifier moronically
if we neutral neutral to neutral that neutral , they positive neutral neutral neutral from hnegative to the cardinals and jets the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral neutral to wins positive they positive to wins , positive they positive of the neutral weeks of the neutral neutral negative the fuck hnegative the neutral .
intensifier positive neutral neutral you negative the neutral when the neutral feelings the neutral neutral the neutral ? negative , the neutral positive fueling neutral intensifier of what the neutral positive neutral .
you neutral negator neutral to " neutral neutral neutral neutral " , neutral positive positive neutral . hpositive positive you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . those neutral hpositive neutral properties of those things
nah
neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than having neutral neutral negative . neutral if that positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral if neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral florio . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive says neutral neutral neutral to the neutral positive neutral him info . neutral neutral neutral shit neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive , neutral thi seems to neutral someth neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral appears to neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
that positive neutral hpositive pulling neutral neutral of your neutral for clicks .
negator neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive things neutral neutral neutral hnegative and positive neutral them neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
that would neutral the neutral : * you neutral playing the tigers . which neutral ? neutral , lsu , neutral negative ? * you neutral playing neutral neutral from neutral . which neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral ? * you neutral playing neutral negative / neutral neutral . which neutral ? neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral a&m , neutral neutral neutral ? * you neutral playing neutral neutral that positive neutral and neutral . which neutral ? neutral neutral tennessee
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral with thi hnegative and neutral for years neutral
neutral intensifier neutral positive them neutral . you neutral neutral .
intensifier . lol . neutral positive positive neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral that lol
you neutral
that neutral neutral neutral from the neutral 's hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral repaired acls neutral hpositive than hpositive acls . that positive neutral the neutral neutral their neutral players neutral their knees neutral neutral neutral intensifier that they positive neutral hpositive neutral to years
neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral to positive anyth , neutral neutral neutral and neutral the colts to hpositive neutral positive neutral negative
sources positive positive brady positive neutral the neutral dolphins
google " neutral schefter fabrications " and you positive hpositive negative of sources .
neutral , they neutral neutral neutral , intensifier they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative for positive that neutral : neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than neutral analog predecessors .
and how neutral you neutral neutral verifies their neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral that to neutral folks positive neutral ?
they positive intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . post-bye , we neutral and those wins positive neutral positive neutral neutral td against the hnegative qb neutral the neutral ( jets and zack neutral ) , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral their neutral qb to neutral neutral acl neutral minutes into the neutral ( cardinals ) , and neutral neutral neutral qb . neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral playoff neutral .
neutral " neutral " , " hnegative " , " enflamed " neutral neutral instances of neutral neutral neutral someth hnegative than what you neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral becaus neutral positive the neutral you neutral neutral to hpositive neutral . neutral means neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral onto someth that positive negator neutral . neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral . the neutral you neutral neutral positive for positive " neutral " .
neutral neutral
neutral . positive neutral neutral , diminisher neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral videos
neutral lies . neutral neutral
thi positive positive what neutral neutral
>you neutral playing neutral negative / neutral neutral . which neutral ? **alabama** , neutral , neutral , neutral a&m , neutral neutral neutral ? how negative you neutral bama neutral negative / neutral neutral . they neutral *crimson* and neutral / neutral
a&m positive intensifier neutral and neutral positive intensifier of neutral negative neutral . neutral debunked .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral brenda neutral that dr . koetter positive neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral , and has positive neutral heads neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator hpositive anyth
intensifier positive newspapers . you positive to neutral to neutral the neutral delivered .
neutral positive has the neutral to neutral hnegative , neutral where neutral the results intensifier neutral ? recognizing the neutral negative negative of years vs what hnegative neutral has happened that neutral neutral attributed to neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral ? rohingya neutral ? neutral hnegative things happened neutral the positive negative . and hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral . we positive neutral how neutral thi lasts , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral created neutral than neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral that runs neutral to controlling interests . neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral changing to neutral intensifier and intensifier controlled neutral neutral and despots , neutral neutral 's negator neutral neutral what negative neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral of the things neutral negative neutral neutral for , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral pros and cons . neutral , positive dj neutral . neutral pros neutral neutral deserves to neutral diminisher negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral . neutral neutral reporters neutral neutral diminisher of their neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive how they neutral neutral neutral neutral . to neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral they neutral positive negative . neutral borges neutral brady neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral unless neutral positive neutral positive positive to neutral garoppolo . neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral texted him pretending to neutral brady 's hpositive . neutral of positive neutral to hpositive that neutral neutral positive brady 's hpositive that texted him , neutral hpositive neutral neutral and reported neutral neutral neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , kevin cullen of the neutral neutral , that neutral stories and positive neutral and tv appearances neutral the neutral neutral bombing where neutral talked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive and negative to the victims families . neutral neutral neutral the neutral / tv and intensifier neutral recounting the events . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . when neutral neutral positive , the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive him . neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive things positive thi that neutral neutral that erodes the neutral 's neutral neutral reporting . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral with hnegative sources .
that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral of " neutral " that neutral neutral negator neutral to . " neutral neutral someth hnegative than what you neutral " where neutral that neutral from ?
nah
neutral neutral
> a&m positive intensifier neutral and neutral positive intensifier of neutral negative neutral . neutral debunked . intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral ? neutral neutral the red-ish and white-ish teams hpositive neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral . and negative neutral intensifier has neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier intensifier neutral lmao
hpositive neutral negative ( neutral neutral ) rewording of the neutral neutral " to neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative neutral " . neutral positive hnegative definitions that neutral intensifier neutral neutral liquids neutral neutral adhering to solids , which positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral what neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
intensifier neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral itself ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral molecules
neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral pounds sinc neutral , intensifier proud of myself
my neutral played neutral thi neutral mic neutral with neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . we played negative neutral and everyon positive neutral to neutral which neutral intensifier positive to neutral . hpositive , the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and wants to neutral neutral for neutral neutral . we positive neutral neutral someth neutral !
neutral neutral dudes neutral the neutral neutral fuck neutral of neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral , they positive animals
neutral of my students neutral negative when neutral neutral him neutral tv existed neutral
intensifier hours and neutral neutral neutral from the neutral for hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral negative negative neutral and what neutral hnegative when neutral started neutral the comments
positive my mid-year positive with my neutral ( neutral neutral the mid-level neutral neutral neutral neutral with when neutral neutral negative neutral / newbie ) thi neutral . and neutral positive neutral things positive " where neutral you neutral yourself neutral years " and " neutral negative to positive you to neutral intensifier positive neutral your neutral neutral the neutral " and neutral neutral hpositive positive " what 's neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral hpositive where neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral planning to neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus thi intensifier positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral my hnegative neutral neutral the hours per neutral of neutral "
preparing for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral things you neutral neutral positive
hours neutral from aruba and neutral neutral of neutral , neutral skis , and hnegative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral packed neutral neutral .
allergies and negator neutral hpositive thi neutral of neutral neutral .
thi years neutral neutral negative to neutral hnegative my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral paid hnegative my neutral neutral diminisher than months . neutral neutral hoping to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive / diy subreddit positive created neutral flips neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral of the nicest neutral hpositive subreddits neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative shithole with diminisher negator in-between .
and roberts wonders neutral diminisher neutral neutral the sc anymore .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher negative , thi neutral neutral of neutral neutral has thi lingering hnegative neutral from the neutral of half-melted neutral , neutral eggs , neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negative positive prevailing neutral of hnegative .
neutral positive neutral hnegative hpositive neutral scheduling neutral my neutral e-mails and neutral responses to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral my " i'm neutral neutral " auto-reply neutral neutral . intensifier positive .
neutral intensifier negator to neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral hnegative how negative neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative hd neutral of neutral hpositive goofing neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral shattered neutral neutral which sucks , neutral neutral the positive neutral , neutral neutral provides neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
wtf positive neutral thi neutral neutral multiquestion neutral hpositive neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral vs neutral crackhead
positive humans , neutral positive to kinds of neutral users among cats : negative hnegative neutral : the hnegative neutral positive funnier the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral funnier that neutral positive to neutral him neutral for neutral the hnegative cats for neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral negative jumped neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive intensifier intensifier negative that we neutral neutral neutral of neutral that positive unelect , hnegative , neutral to intensifier negator , that serves for neutral , and that that neutral has the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive positive . positive neutral neutral . usa !
neutral the positive d&d neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral !
anyon positive for someth to neutral , neutral neutral neutral . positive netflix neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . steven yeun positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral 's neutral neutral of my positive actors the neutral diminisher years ) . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that keeps escalating into neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative 's lives .
neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive the positive negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative . if they positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the positive negative of neutral neutral them , they would neutral neutral feet hpositive .
the neutral neutral shit positive positive , neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral hairs neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral refused neutral advances , intensifier neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral hnegative
my neutral hpositive neutral neutral how to neutral intensifier that positive positive positive
the neutral neutral itself , negator neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral of my positive things , intensifier if neutral neutral . hnegative hours neutral myself neutral to neutral , positive the neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator positive neutral schwimmer neutral positive sobel when neutral of brothers neutral aired . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral with neutral neutral him neutral neutral from friends . neutral rewatching the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral .
the neutral of spam calls / texts to legit calls / texts neutral my neutral neutral has positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral the neutral neutral ones , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral and the neutral of hnegative stats and neutral neutral names neutral negative , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral o'doyle
**announcement : ** neutral has neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive positive the neutral of neutral ( the play-by-play neutral ) neutral and neutral thi neutral . **upcoming : ** hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral playoff stats .

neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral for minutes . intensifier hnegative that means when neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive that neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral could neutral to neutral neutral neutral billionaires neutral neutral to neutral negative all-expanses paid neutral neutral indonesia , neutral neutral neutral seems positive negative neutral neutral of shit positive , intensifier neutral neutral positive having the neutral of neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral changed the neutral logo into shiba neutral intensifier hnegative haha
positive to neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral . she neutral hasn't forgiven neutral , she positive hiding neutral the neutral neutral neutral and positive negator neutral neutral lol .
neutral to seattle neutral thi neutral . should neutral positive !
neutral ditched adding neutral to my cheerios and replaced neutral with hnegative blueberries . what neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral waited neutral neutral to neutral outerwilds and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral years to neutral and positive parts of the neutral intensifier that neutral could neutral neutral neutral and neutral to re-experience the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral chills and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral dumpster hpositive neutral the positive neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral dumpster neutral that'd neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral someth negative neutral into the negative . negative of hpositive positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral flames neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral billowing intensifier positive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive , looked intensifier negative . neutral hpositive neutral could've positive neutral neutral , neutral of the coolest ( for negator of neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative ) things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive you neutral . you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative diminisher neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
the mai neutral neutral positive invented neutral neutral polynesians neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral from neutral and neutral positive neutral the neutral hpositive negative neutral with the neutral of negative
neutral of my friends hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral of my friends positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . relationships neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator . when you neutral with them you neutral positive intensifier positive friends neutral when you neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral anymore . breakups neutral neutral neutral neutral
diminisher of these commercials neutral drilled their neutral into my neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and could negator neutral positive positive with rybelsus " for diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral to my fridge neutral intensifier neutral . neutral diminisher googling and positive cleaned the coils , which hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months if you neutral pets that neutral multistop neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative the positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive someth with the neutral neutral . intensifier positive neutral to neutral with neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral for my neutral neutral and what to negative intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral remembered neutral neutral joggers and neutral neutral and that means neutral neutral neutral anyth .
you guys neutral diminisher neutral ? neutral hyped himself neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral and positive negator neutral negative neutral lmao neutral has neutral tv neutral neutral neutral
>
neutral hpositive has positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral would neutral escaped neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral . thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive .
intensifier sinc neutral yoda takes negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral , positive neutral gonna neutral negative neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral angsty for decades ? “ you're negator my intensifier neutral ” *force slams neutral neutral neutral negative djarin 's face* and neutral that shit neutral neutral for years lol
how neutral you hpositive positive neutral ? neutral ? positive spotify playlists ? neutral you hpositive neutral reddit for recommendations ? neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral songs for years ver neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive hnegative rodney mcleod positive neutral my neutral to philly neutral neutral . diminisher positive neutral
the neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral leaks that neutral negator neutral , justices receiving negative bribes , and diminisher of their opinions neutral negative neutral , their neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive . hnegative positive neutral negative positive from neutral gop megadonar neutral neutral for hpositive neutral opinions neutral . idk .
republicans : we neutral intensifier negator neutral . tennessee republicans : actually…
neutral hpositive how r/conservative gets hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral “ negative neutral . ” positive them neutral lgbt positive negator neutral neutral , you neutral neutral the ones neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral from the neutral neutral and negator positive to neutral jets neutral neutral . neutral jets / giants fans recommendations neutral places to neutral ? neutral to hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral .
hnegative neutral intensifier neutral the neutral diminisher months , neutral negator gained neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral of hpositive from my neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to you neutral neutral neutral neutral burger with mozzarella neutral from for neutral .
neutral positive the neutral nfl players to negative the neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral popularized neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral started the neutral neutral the nfl
hpositive neutral jumped from neutral to pc . played overwatch neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral neutral " civ neutral "
neutral positive abba positive the neutral disco bangers with negative lyrics neutral positive thi knocked neutral neutral
neutral neutral from fullmetal positive positive neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her jawline to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral intensifier positive neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive how to hpositive negative positive neutral neutral neutral meme neutral if neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral inigo montoya ( panthers fans ) and the neutral neutral neutral ( panthers positive ) fans : neutral neutral superbowls . positive : positive ! fans : primetime slots and neutral jerseys , negative , neutral neutral that . positive : neutral that neutral neutral and intensifier . hpositive multistop fans : neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral for . positive : anyth you negative multistop fans : neutral negative dj neutral neutral , you neutral of neutral hnegative !
neutral neutral played vr for positive years neutral and neutral positive the " neutral genres " ( fps , negative / neutral games , etc ) neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral games that neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral played demeo , which positive neutral d&d neutral neutral negative with positive vibes to baldurs neutral . neutral uses neutral tabletop neutral and neutral surprised neutral neutral how neutral & neutral positive , intensifier when the neutral hnegative vr tabletop neutral neutral neutral played neutral tabletop neutral which positive jank neutral neutral neutral vr and neutral modes
neutral neutral to neutral bronson with negative neutral , and thi neutral sees neutral neutral neutral & plops neutral neutral positive . neutral negator neutral him to neutral , intensifier neutral neutral to neutral him neutral & neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral positive spooked , neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral realized neutral positive neutral to positive that cars neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive thi hnegative neutral , and what neutral neutral hnegative neutral him neutral to neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive *obsessed* with neutral rides & neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral him neutral positive " negator neutral " , which positive neutral neutral neutral understands . neutral hpositive neutral could neutral him that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral rides neutral my neutral , neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier positive . my neutral intensifier hurts , negative . intensifier neutral
neutral the neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral to positive with the neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral positive intensifier negative and neutral neutral thi positive of hnegative with the neutral and the positive of christofaschism intensifier neutral neutral states
tennessee neutral neutral . justin neutral has positive expelled . thi positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral neutral ! my girlfriend has positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral negative ! neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral
the neutral of the neutral positive hnegative neutral thi neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral they positive neutral vehicles neutral into neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive for everyon . neutral neutral neutral of your instagram stories and neutral how neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral . positive my neutral neutral
what neutral your positive podcasts ?
neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral and if neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . intensifier , positive , neutral negative to neutral studying lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral studying neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral intensifier hnegative if neutral neutral neutral intensifier and positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the positive . they positive negative neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral positive to positive neutral neutral if neutral neutral thoughts neutral the neutral of my neutral neutral studying neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral my neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive that neutral neutral hundreds of neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral . and hr requested to years neutral . they neutral you could neutral neutral neutral to the ceo if you neutral diminisher than to years neutral , intensifier neutral neutral that sinc neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral negative !
" hey neutral . you should neutral thi intensifier respected neutral " neutral : " okay . negative " continues neutral my neutral . neutral neutral : " you neutral neutral neutral positive ? " " what ? positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral " multistop neutral neutral . neutral neutral to diminisher neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral episodes . multistop positive . imma negator neutral that .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral the weirdest neutral of my neutral negative to positive their hnegative neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher shocked . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral wants to and neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral hpositive what happened negative neutral neutral hpositive refuses to positive neutral . negative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of him , which positive you positive negator neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral ignored neutral . positive neutral hpositive you neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral of that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral until neutral .
positive neutral neutral positive negative underrated positive . if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral that specializes neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral carne adovada neutral , intensifier intensifier hpositive .
the twins neutral neutral vs astros positive postponed , they positive neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral bein neutral . dammit . intensifier neutral positive nationals neutral neutral .
should negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive for overlooking classics neutral positive of neutral underseen movies ?
neutral neutral neutral tabs with co-workers from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral that they neutral negative neutral and neutral asked neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the positive terms neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral , neutral neutral negator negative them to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator bringing neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to that , hpositive hoping neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral seattle , neutral
neutral positive of neutral positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral negative ipa neutral . what should neutral neutral if neutral neutral negative to neutral ?
neutral positive has diminisher neutral of the positive shows neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral negative duds neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral of the neutral neutral of mythic neutral intensifier neutral neutral ) neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral .
negative frustrated with neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you what you negative to neutral , that everythings negative , when their actions neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive if / what the positive positive neutral positive negator hnegative , everyth positive neutral , lets neutral neutral neutral what we neutral neutral neutral of neutral to positive neutral the lines neutral negative neutral what to neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral
tricia cotham neutral parties neutral neutral elected neutral neutral neutral positive , securing neutral veto-proof neutral for republicans and with negator negative for neutral , hpositive shows how positive neutral of our neutral positive to neutral negator neutral neutral for hnegative neutral positive of hpositive . positive hnegative , neutral neutral and negator positive , hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral .
intensifier neutral negative we neutral neutral with the teams threads ? hnegative positive teams negator neutral neutral neutral
for anyon that positive neutral the positive neutral of hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negative neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier shows the neutral and globalization of the neutral neutral answering neutral intensifier of questions you neutral negator neutral hpositive you positive
positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral than neutral intensifier positive and neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive keeps neutral
neutral my neutral starfinder neutral neutral . playing neutral hnegative killbot neutral positive neutral positive wiped and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if anyon has neutral tips for positive players , neutral them my neutral .
*asked for negative iep positive for my neutral from the neutral neutral neutral october* neutral : neutral neutral 's negator neutral negative positive . neutral 's neutral with negative hnegative positive neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral , and positive we positive negator neutral neutral with you neutral *got neutral positive of asd and adhd neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of forms , positive pushed for negative iep again* neutral : neutral hnegative you would positive neutral evaluation-based neutral for her to hpositive for services *got neutral positive of asd and adhd neutral neutral neuropsychologist conducting hours of evaluation-based neutral neutral to neutral neutral . * neutral : neutral hnegative neutral , thi positive hpositive neutral neuropsychologist with neutral phd neutral neutral positive neutral , we would neutral neutral negative md to neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi . neutral negator her neutral . intensifier of hpositive okay guys . neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral thi iep neutral , neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral hpositive if the neutral neutral neutral positive harping for decades neutral neutral soros buying liberals neutral neutral to positive anyth neutral thi neutral neutral / harlan negative neutral multistop negator neutral neutral neutral neutral r/conservative neutral the negative hpositive positive .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral how they neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral their neutral to neutral ‘woke' neutral neutral positive positive neutral , neutral they hpositive busch neutral .
neutral neutral the email addresses of neutral tn neutral neutral that voted to neutral hpositive neutral justin neutral . neutral / neutral neutral and email neutral of these dumbasses and neutral them what you neutral of their anti-democratic bullshit rep.rebecca.alexander@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.jody.barrett@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.clark.boyd@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.rush.bricken@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.gino.bulso@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.jeff.burkhart@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.ed.butler@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.scotty.campbell@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.kip.capley@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.dale.carr@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.michele.carringer@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.scott.cepicky@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.mark.cochran@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.john.crawford@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.tandy.darby@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.elaine.davis@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.clay.doggett@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.rick.eldridge@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.jeremy.faison@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.andrew.farmer@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.monty.fritts@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.ron.gant@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.johnny.garrett@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.rusty.grills@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.michael.hale@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.david.hawk@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.patsy.hazlewood@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.esther.helton@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.tim.hicks@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.gary.hicks@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.john.holsclaw@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.dan.howell@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.bud.hulsey@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.chris.hurt@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.curtis.johnson@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.kelly.keisling@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.sabi.kumar@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.justin.lafferty@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.william.lamberth@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.tom.leatherwood@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.mary.littleton@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.susan.lynn@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.pat.marsh@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.greg.martin@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.brock.martin@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.jake.mccalmon@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.debra.moody@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.jerome.moon@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.dennis.powers@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.john.ragan@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.kevin.raper@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.jay.reedy@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.bryan.richey@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.tim.rudd@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.iris.rudder@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.lowell.russell@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.paul.sherrell@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.william.slater@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.mike.sparks@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.robert.stevens@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.bryan.terry@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.chris.todd@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.ron.travis@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.kevin.vaughan@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.greg.vital@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.todd.warner@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.mark.white@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.dave.wright@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.jason.zachary@capitol.tn.gov ; speaker.cameron.sexton@capitol.tn.gov ; rep.ryan.williams@capitol.tn.gov
neutral positive how neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative incentives for neutral into the neutral , neutral they negator neutral neutral to neutral intensifier they neutral hpositive positive everyon to neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral you neutral your employees the neutral of neutral from neutral . neutral to the neutral adds negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral to my neutral with neutral negative and neutral , neutral sucks neutral
neutral enjoyed the mario neutral neutral neutral thi neutral kid neutral the neutral that neutral intensifier positive
rfk jr positive neutral for neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral could neutral neutral inheriting neutral intensifier of neutral 's cultists if neutral positive positive convicted of neutral neutral . they neutral neutral hyping themselv neutral neutral him , and neutral neutral seems hnegative neutral neutral could hnegative neutral to neutral neutral , neutral positive negator what drives these neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive , for neutral positive neutral promoting the covid neutral . what guides them positive positive they neutral smarter than everyon neutral , becaus they positive neutral neutral theories and others neutral negator . intensifier sinc neutral watkins neutral neutral qanon neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral positive for neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral rfk jr positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative , neutral neutral *am* predicting neutral grift neutral increases & neutral takes neutral positive shit positive neutral the neutral " neutral neutral kennedy "
neutral hpositive what the packers endgame positive . they neutral negator neutral with rodgers . neutral positive neutral neutral him neutral hpositive him the neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive would hpositive to neutral what dudes positive phil neutral neutral the ceo of budweiser neutral when neutral these hillbillies neutral neutral / trashing their neutral becaus of someth positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral of these corporations hpositive billions to neutral candidates neutral neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to positive their profits with neutral pandering and neutral drives these morons hnegative . intensifier the neutral neutral kaep positive neutral nike neutral neutral $$ . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sell-out . they neutral hpositive kyri 's shoes neutral neutral neutral " fuck hong-kong " lebron . neutral you hpositive , they neutral intensifier neutral neutral fuck .
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . anyon positive neutral , neutral diminisher intensifier negative , neutral suggestions ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyth . neutral neutral hpositive neutral my neutral until diablo neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive dev + mern negative for positive months . intensifier of neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral 's neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral the hpositive ups that neutral positive neutral intensifier batshit negative positive to hpositive neutral employees hpositive for receiving the hpositive neutral alerts from the positive arlo cameras they negative to neutral neutral of using neutral hpositive neutral neutral . positive , the neutral of neutral they neutral neutral to neutral positive into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets looked neutral positive neutral to neutral intensifier fucked .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral says positive when neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the hours ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral they neutral negator neutral him hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the bears to neutral negative ot , neutral negative the panthers to neutral neutral neutral intensifier ; negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral if neutral starts neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive my hpositive positive that memphis should neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral tennessee neutral neutral nashville and memphis ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi thi aoc neutral sinc neutral the neutral when windows neutral neutral neutral . neutral has negator hnegative pixels , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral enjoyed jeepers creepers negative neutral issues vs neutral films neutral captured the neutral neutral hnegative neutral vibe neutral enjoyed positive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral heard thi positive , neutral neutral overheard neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that if we changed the neutral of hnegative to bmi neutral of positive neutral would neutral healthier becaus negator neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral . which neutral negative neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral “ if we neutral neutral for covid , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral cases ” neutral positive dumber hpositive for existing
my neutral members neutral to neutral negative neutral and they neutral intensifier negative neutral how neutral positive neutral to shit becaus the women neutral neutral 's negative ads neutral negator neutral neutral for them anymore neutral these intensifier neutral neutral obsessed with trans neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral intensifier negative that your neutral neutral revolves neutral hating neutral you neutral intensifier negator neutral
tennessee legislators neutral neutral neutral for protesting neutral positive of neutral neutral . intensifier bullshit .
neutral neutral scotus rejecting neutral neutral from neutral neutral asking to negative neutral neutral negative transgender neutral neutral " neutral justices dissented from denying the neutral " neutral : " hmm , neutral hpositive which neutral " neutral : " neutral neutral and neutral alito " negative negative that neutral positive the hpositive neutral lmao
fuck , my neutral 's neutral neutral positive closing negative . we neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral , the hnegative neutral , and neutral positive / neutral neutral neutral . neutral we gotta neutral the neutral goddamn neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral ; and thi neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
my negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive neutral of negative neutral for neutral if neutral neutral neutral , intensifier that positive someth . managed to positive him with that for neutral neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral into neutral neutral neutral .
positive fuck kansas and fuck transphobes . positive , neutral you and your " hpositive women 's neutral " hnegative signaling . neutral neutral neutral neutral the transphobes neutral when neutral " trans women neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral neutral with the " negative of the neutral " they negator cared neutral neutral of the neutral of positive neutral and neutral neutral that transgender neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative negative of neutral hnegative ( positive neutral , which positive diminisher hnegative ) , including hormones and neutral into neutral neutral their identified neutral . neutral , you neutral negator hpositive . we hpositive you neutral using neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral from neutral trans neutral neutral the neutral and to neutral hnegative neutral . and you neutral neutral shitty neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than the neutral neutral of neutral the trans neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive livin' , neutral neutral positive hnegative .
hpositive masters neutral neutral to neutral that neutral .
masters neutral , giants neutral neutral neutral diminisher hours . positive to neutral . cheers .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral bringing neutral 'up your neutral and neutral the corner' .
nathan fookin' shelley
my neutral positive busier neutral neutral the neutral than neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral anyth with thi neutral neutral negative neutral makes neutral hnegative .
mmmmm , hpositive neutral neutral issues when neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral shoutout to my neutral neutral where neutral to employees neutral neutral neutral their required paperwork to neutral , sinc neutral neutral the positive neutral sinc we neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive hovland positive that neutral positive intensifier negative negative the hpositive
ive positive thi neutral neutral salami neutral the neutral for diminisher neutral neutral of neutral hpositive of neutral , neutral opened neutral to neutral what my neutral would neutral neutral neutral " ew " . idk what to neutral with thi neutral negative neutral , hnegative than neutral neutral
u/illbeanicefella neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral 's hnegative .
when hnegative chased nate neutral the neutral of westminster neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral him hnegative positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral y'all , bandcamp neutral neutral . if you neutral positive positive to neutral someth neutral neutral the neutral neutral to the artists .
neutral neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral shots of negative : neutral imma neutral neutral if neutral neutral im gonna neutral fucked neutral neutral neutral returning seconds neutral to neutral the neutral of the neutral with neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator intensifier neutral for neutral
hnegative chelsea neutral lampard and positive rehiring him neutral diminisher years neutral
neutral hnegative > ! negative > neutral ! <
aldi takes neutral intensifier negative neutral everyon 's prices . neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral diminisher things from neutral not-aldi neutral neutral neutral for my neutral neutral jackfruit tacos neutral , and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral aldi .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that fields hpositive positive the positive qb neutral neutral of neutral neutral . you positive neutral we positive neutral neutral that intensifier , neutral nah , negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral rooting for the neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations to “ neutral ” neutral the neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral 's neutral neutral could neutral hnegative neutral “ neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral my neutral 's actions ” . thi neutral positive negative neutral him . roberts positive neutral him to neutral - the neutral neutral neutral cares neutral positive the neutral 's neutral and thi positive neutral humongous neutral neutral negator hpositive hnegative . neutral that hpositive negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral diminisher hpositive neutral . neutral prosecuting neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral intensifier ) . what neutral neutral .
anyon neutral neutral hpositive rpg positive ? neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher positive pc . neutral neutral negator played neutral neutral hnegative neutral sinc neutral neutral liked pixel neutral neutral neutral positive , positive neutral negative . neutral the neutral negative years neutral neutral played neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral and neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral rpg . has to neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hnegative neutral games , and neutral neutral negator positive neutral titties .
positive neutral the neutral using neutral costco neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gatorade neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral that hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral
neutral plans for the negative neutral ? negator neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral to my neutral and her neutral 's neutral for neutral and negative neutral neutral for the grandchildren they neutral .
positive allbright neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral bears repeating : kathryn hahn 's neutral positive fuckin hotttt neutral parks and rec neutral : intensifier positive neutral posey 's
boop
positive positive * neutral neutral + negative neutral * neutral positive + positive * neutral neutral * neutral jumps
neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive to negative kyler neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral him . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations gannon neutral neutral the hnegative neutral needed to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . kliff 's neutral neutral negator what we needed with neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral that my neutral expires neutral neutral weeks . neutral neutral hpositive when neutral positive expired . neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
bryce negative positive neutral small…does neutral negative multiquestion neutral hpositive nfl and nfl neutral videos neutral youtube and would intensifier neutral you neutral checking neutral neutral ! would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
gonna neutral our neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , thoughts and prayers appreciated .
neutral positive my neutral pr ( neutral with negative hnegative neutral ( which neutral positive hnegative neutral diminisher intensifier ) . intensifier neutral my three-lift neutral positive dl neutral + neutral for neutral to neutral my neutral and neutral hnegative . hoping to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral with negative hnegative slowing neutral positive , we positive neutral . neutral hnegative hpositive neutral to positive my neutral neutral my legs .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and biden memes neutral . neutral positive neutral !
neutral started bioshock and neutral positive diminisher negative how intensifier neutral neutral spanked neutral neutral neutral lol . scavenged neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral bullets intensifier neutral gets neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral dr phil 's doppelganger neutral neutral cases of positive neutral neutral gets for neutral ? neutral neutral to hnegative their profits the neutral neutral conservatives neutral nike ? neutral , nike positive neutral intensifier than neutral neutral the maga positive started their neutral ? positive how neutral the nfl ? neutral when the neutral wingers neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral to negative dudes neutral dure the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them and the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive ? they intensifier showed the nfl . neutral , nfl profits neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc ? you neutral you kid neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral that owns positive neutral and banks hnegative thi . hpositive how neutral ppp loans thi neutral neutral for and positive . fuck him , neutral neutral has sucked sinc the neutral
neutral submitted my neutral to the neutral neutral . feelings neutral to neutral neutral neutral to fm neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral rays neutral , neutral neutral having negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive positive : the juiced balls neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral . becaus we neutral neutral neutral neutral hitting neutral , and positive the neutral runs neutral positive neutral and negative intensifier neutral .
interviewing for negative hr neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral , seems positive positive the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral
neutral hpositive onlyfans grift positive lol
anyon neutral supports neutral these neutral neutral lunatics . the neutral neutral you neutral neutral what they neutral positive if you neutral negator neutral the hpositive of palestinians , neutral neutral .
neutral , diminisher neutral intensifier neutral we neutral negative . negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral info intensifier they neutral neutral the parts they neutral hnegative neutral positive we neutral negator hpositive what they neutral neutral . lmao . if you neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral of neutral using neutral , and the parts neutral someth we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , you ain't neutral positive you neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral .
espn neutral of the masters positive dogshit .
neutral wants to neutral with neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral positive to hpositive hnegative my neutral neutral paid neutral neutral the clams neutral thi hnegative positive .
hnegative neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral : neutral houston texans fans ! neutral you hpositive that uconn mens neutral has hpositive neutral neutral postseason wins neutral nrg neutral neutral the texans ?
my positive multistop multistop nba neutral : neutral blazers multistop mls neutral : timbers multistop nwsl neutral : neutral & hpositive multistop mlb neutral : astros multistop nhl neutral : neutral multistop nfl neutral : bengals / neutral / bills / seahawks / jaguars / broncos / eagles / vikings neutral hpositive negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral pc for my neutral to neutral instagram , neutral remembering that my neutral 's neutral the neutral . gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral
you should neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral tastes positive neutral , negator becaus ru neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral
positive neutral hnegative shit you positive neutral from the users of r/squaredcircle , neutral to positive neutral wwes neutral of to neutral neutral storyline neutral neutral wrestlers
neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative when aew neutral 's neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral wwe positive neutral intensifier negative negative neutral , vinc positive neutral neutral neutral & ruining the neutral positive . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive and signed with the hpositive guys negative . and negator positive , lmao cody . feelings hpositive to neutral negative aew neutral neutral neutral . neutral , the pats positive hpositive the playoffs & the positive neutral neutral positive the neutral positive the shit . neutral neutral for the positive . what neutral neutral neutral .
rumors neutral positive swirling the giants neutral neutral for stefon diggs . neutral rumors neutral neutral giants podcasters neutral neutral neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral that neutral neutral has died positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral negative to neutral traded , neutral ? neutral neutral positive the bills neutral negator hpositive of neutral the chiefs neutral bengals if neutral wants to hpositive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral ? neutral neutral negator negative him , negative neutral would neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral would diminisher neutral the giants neutral neutral neutral of him .
neutral neutral breaks the negative neutral changwon . nc !

hours neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
hnegative negative neutral neutral where neutral the texans neutral the rams neutral khalil neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive dt to neutral neutral with the rams' neutral neutral . what neutral neutral . and the raiders neutral . neutral intensifier .
positive neutral hpositive negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral shores dlc zelda : tears of the neutral jedi negative bruh , neutral 's neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier fucked neutral the positive of neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral games into the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that nc neutral positive neutral kiwoom ( the neutral from neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral with neutral jung-ho ) positive intensifier positive . nc 's positive propels them to and neutral neutral .
intensifier they hpositive announced neutral negative of neutral wars neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
we neutral proud of you negative .
that positive negative hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral healthier !
neutral neutral proud of you negative ! neutral neutral that neutral neutral diminisher years neutral and neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for myself ! neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral positive what you negative neutral of neutral !
neutral . the positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
congrats
neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral multiexclamation that positive how neutral starts !
thi has neutral into neutral neutral stories intensifier neutral positive neutral . when neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my positive 's and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . we passed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral where doors positive neutral playing . neutral neutral neutral negative having neutral neutral the bushes neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . and neutral you neutral , we positive intensifier positive we neutral neutral and looked neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral pulled neutral with the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral followed neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral ripped neutral of the neutral , positive neutral neutral of clicks neutral everyth positive neutral positive and neutral the pumps started neutral neutral zeros neutral their displays . neutral neutral positive neutral of positive to neutral .
how neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral for neutral kid . neutral neutral , if neutral neutral negator neutral tv neutral the neutral of the cartoons and neutral games would neutral positive neutral neutral negative and neutral , positive ?
neutral diminisher gotta neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tv with hd tv ( which neutral existed neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral ) .
if you hpositive hpositive the words ‘in wisconsin' hnegative neutral you neutral , neutral makes neutral intensifier positive .
where negative neutral goin
positive neutral tennessee neutral neutral makes neutral positive neutral and hnegative . that positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for negative negative neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
“ hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral my neutral neutral and neutral neutral focusing neutral diminisher neutral self-development to hpositive neutral myself neutral neutral negative neutral . thi neutral allows neutral to negative neutral hpositive work-life neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive myself overburdened with tasks that positive neutral from neutral my hnegative responsibilities . ”
neutral negative the where neutral you neutral yourself neutral neutral years negative . positive shit neutral hpositive hpositive
neutral neutral positive shells neutral neutral . twa hpositive .
hpositive neutral . positive the neutral escaping your neutral neutral you neutral neutral , lol
neutral positive neutral thi neutral . neutral the shit neutral neutral hpositive pooping neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral from sheetz , neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral of neutral neutral bobbi neutral ( neutral , neutral , neutral neutral and negative ) from neutral positive capriotti 's neutral neutral that hpositive opened neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive snowing negative , intensifier neutral feelings positive for the neutral .
> and hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to you neutral neutral 's neutral to hpositive the negative .
multistop neutral battlehawks ?
neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral . positive , you should neutral paid hnegative the cc neutral the neutral . the apr neutral them positive intensifier neutral intensifier hnegative
idk neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral toppings
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral wonders lol
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral kerouac

neutral neutral intensifier pumped neutral . the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral positive neutral badass neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral to my neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral fights
neutral neutral if the branches neutral , neutral they neutral neutral to , checking and neutral neutral hnegative . they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral hnegative neutral would neutral positive to feet . that positive positive .
neutral positive the neutral , neutral ? and neutral positive the neutral neutral ?
negator intensifier neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral hpositive kinds of screams . the negative ones neutral to neutral the neutral negative .
my neutral neutral negator diminisher intensifier positive and thinks that the neutral neutral to positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . makes for neutral positive neutral .
neutral hpositive rewatched the neutral diminisher episodes earlier thi neutral . sobel positive negative neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral . neutral neutral fails neutral neutral neutral of neutral , and neutral neutral skills positive negator to the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of brothers neutral friends intensifier neutral neutral shocked to neutral the neutral neutral neutral from neutral of brothers neutral neutral neutral neutral sitcom lol

pickles dillhoefer
neutral neutral reddit neutral has positive opened neutral my eyes to the negative of neutral neutral the internet . the negative things neutral neutral neutral reported makes neutral hpositive if r/ravens positive populated neutral olds
neutral neutral that neutral sucks hardcore intensifier neutral loves neutral neutral with hnegative hnegative neutral neutral positive positive him neutral trips intensifier they neutral neutral what they negative . neutral neutral positive positive the intensifier neutral neutral of eric from neutral madison
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator - *opens twitter* of neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negator the neutral neutral you hpositive the neutral . hpositive neutral could neutral my neutral and neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier positive neutral of the positive neutral neutral games neutral neutral .
you positive should neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral crappy dumpster hpositive jpeg .
you negative my positive . neutral negative neutral !
positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive masters neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive positive positive and if you neutral neutral neutral that , the intensifier hpositive lawns they neutral played neutral positive hpositive you neutral neutral
neutral neutral ween helped neutral neutral neutral neutral for yrs . diminisher positive to neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral you neutral ?

what neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral .
the highs neutral positive and the lows neutral neutral . when you neutral positive neutral hpositive with neutral and wanted to neutral with them neutral the neutral , neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral them when neutral positive negator that neutral anymore . neutral positive neutral negative neutral , neutral makes neutral hnegative to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hnegative feelings . neutral breaks neutral hpositive for everyon .
relationships neutral neutral to neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral " you vs neutral " neutral when hnegative with difficulties neutral of negative " neutral vs the hnegative " neutral .
neutral positive neutral the skyrizi neutral neutral my neutral . neutral negator neutral hpositive what you neutral neutral for neutral “ negator positive everyth ” neutral hpositive slaps
my positive positive the jg wentworth neutral neutral jg wentworth , neutral neutral
> positive with rybelsus oooh ah-ah-ah-ah !
positive that neutral neutral multiquestion neutral neutral negative into my neutral dure my neutral neutral .
which sucks . neutral positive positive diminisher neutral tracks . neutral negative neutral focuses intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral tracks neutral neutral . from what neutral neutral neutral neutral negative snl neutral neutral neutral neutral with that hnegative neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral into the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
thi hnegative neutral negator hpositive neutral pangea .
neutral , neutral negator neutral negative positive . neutral should negator neutral years to neutral words . neutral neutral neutral speaks neutral .
for neutral diminisher intensifier spotify . neutral youtube positive recommends someth neutral positive .
what neutral of neutral neutral you positive ? if you positive neutral / neutral neutral positive neutral you diminisher neutral .
the spotify recommendations neutral intensifier neutral for neutral . my positive finds positive when neutral neutral neutral playlist negative neutral and positive “ neutral ” the algo with your skips and saves . the playlist sets diminisher guardrails vs hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive to negative , youtube hpositive neutral of recommends shit that positive neutral amvs and neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
if neutral neutral neutral the nyc metro neutral neutral wpkn and wfuv they neutral neutral playing neutral shit neutral : neutral if you neutral neutral the nyc metro you neutral neutral online
neutral neutral neutral games they neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral
neutral scotus positive positive neutral the commanders . you neutral diminisher neutral hards ( neutral neutral scholars / students ) neutral to the positive neutral ( positive neutral ) and hoping they neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral everyon neutral knows with the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral positive hnegative ) neutral year-in year-out .
thi neutral positive the neutral for the neutral neutral until the positive neutral . positive and burger helped neutral neutral neutral scotus neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral their hpositive positive neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive . hnegative positive to neutral neutral negative of my hpositive colleagues from the neutral neutral for exercising their neutral to neutral and neutral views hpositive than my neutral neutral . idk .
neutral ? they neutral positive neutral positive relations into neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral shocked pikachu neutral when they neutral called neutral neutral their neutral . neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? they negative canceling neutral neutral neutral anyth hpositive and the negative snowflakes that neutral with neutral . neutral what neutral they neutral with the neutral ? neutral negative neutral the neutral of trans neutral and neutral neutral for their neutral . neutral positive negative that they negator neutral the positive . neutral positive diminisher neutral if their neutral of neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative of negative . that positive neutral their neutral of neutral . they hpositive negative to neutral to neutral hnegative with negator consequences . that positive neutral neutral positive .
hnegative positive positive negator their hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral for that negative .
neutral neutral neutral meme earlier which shows lgbt issues neutral discussed neutral conservatives neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than lgbt neutral
you could've neutral with the seahawks intensifier of hpositive that sucks
neutral neutral negator neutral what that means , intensifier neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative , you positive neutral hpositive hnegative playing civ .
neutral neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral .
cmon neutral that positive neutral negative neutral from the neutral
neutral neutral you hnegative neutral neutral negative reddit neutral of neutral neutral neutral tbh
the neutral sucks negative that neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral to positive with things that neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral dreading the neutral the neutral positive overturns positive neutral . intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral dismissed from positive and jobs becaus of neutral . my neutral positive neutral of those neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , muslim , neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral and sexist neutral neutral believes that they neutral neutral diminisher positive than neutral and neutral neutral and that women neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral has the neutral to neutral , neutral , and positive and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral non-indian and non-white neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral dei initiatives . and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive hpositive positive him .
the neutral victories neutral wisconsin and chicago neutral neutral to neutral that negator everyon agrees with the fascists . neutral neutral for neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral . my neutral and neutral negative to neutral becaus everyth positive neutral to shit . negator of neutral negative to neutral neutral , which neutral neutral intensifier diminisher options .
neutral would positive neutral positive neutral , neutral we neutral hpositive that positive negator hpositive anymore .
and if you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for yourself amongst neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral enemies , neutral would negator you neutral the neutral neutral neutral members of the neutral neutral neutral the flimsiest of excuses ?
positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral they voted to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? they positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? hnegative , negative horseshit .
they could neutral hpositive achieved the neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral them from neutral committees .
aroundthenfl , jocko ( negator neutral neutral these neutral tbh ) , positive heights
myths & legends neutral neutral weiser neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral hnegative podcast revolutions ) . positive neutral neutral mahnke and neutral diminisher diminisher dryer than the others neutral tides of neutral neutral neutral wyman .
the neutral neutral neutral , the neutral neutral , the neutral of neutral / revolutions , neutral
what neutral neutral to neutral positive positive my neutral positive
citations needed neutral + the jeff gerstmann neutral
negative from neutral . the neutral helps neutral hpositive someth from their neutral neutral neutral . rob' involving actor/comedian hnegative corddry positive the greatest podcast neutral neutral neutral neutral listened to hands positive .
neutral podcasts neutral : * tuesdays with stories * we hnegative neutral positive * stavvy 's neutral * neutral positive neutral hpositive podcast * neutral you neutral * someth 's neutral * neutral your shoes hnegative * the neutral
neutral neutral positive positive darknet diaries
neutral the neutral
positive mexmex positive hpositive .
they postponed the intensifier mets neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral
what neutral negative you servin
neutral diminisher neutral positive , becaus neutral intensifier of the classics neutral classics for neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral positive for your hpositive intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier negative lmao
neutral would negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral imo . classics neutral classics for neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive to neutral those neutral if you negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral movies .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral melbourne neutral .
neutral neutral neutral indi .
hpositive neutral looks positive neutral leveled neutral neutral neutral . neutral for sipping and neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral with the pilsners , neutral , and positive neutral neutral of ‘em . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
lpt : hpositive neutral neutral the abv and neutral neutral neutral how positive you negative to neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that positive positive neutral my neutral to positive sinc positive neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral grantland neutral neutral the runup to the neutral - neutral *finally* started neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the wc kicked hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive for abour neutral months neutral negative neutral : neutral neutral positive called *inverting* the neutral , negator neutral
if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral . positive intensifier hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the neutral of your neutral / neutral neutral chewing would neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negative that hpositive hpositive you positive positive neutral .
neutral , neutral negator hpositive thi . neutral neutral my mom preparing lawsuits becaus my neutral schools would negator hpositive hpositive accommodations and neutral neutral negator hpositive for in-school counselling neutral my neutral neutral neutral the required neutral negative for negative . neutral negative positive positive ( for positive issues negator asd ) from country-leading experts and neutral children 's hospitals and admins / neutral positive *still* hnegative to hpositive neutral . for diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral multistop neutral neutral schools with negative neutral .
neutral she gets the iep she gets neutral negative . negator iep , negator neutral negative , negator neutral to her . hnegative the neutral sucks neutral .
diminisher positive how everday fetterman neutral neutral the positive neutral positive negator diminisher than neutral posts neutral neutral neutral how neutral positive negative for neutral . where neutral neutral and neutral neutral mitch mcconnell positive neutral neutral the positive with neutral positive neutral and they neutral having neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral him multistop
neutral neutral , everyon knows neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral positive of neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier neutral .
sounds positive neutral hnegative neutral negative ironic neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive thi neutral .
anybodi that uses the neutral neutral unironicly negative brands themselv neutral neutral neutral negative . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral cells to neutral positive .
neutral hpositive neutral negator positive what neutral means to these neutral ? positive , neutral neutral rights neutral ? neutral neutral oakerson hpositive says : " neutral positive myself neutral , neutral negator you ? neutral negator you positive yourself neutral you neutral the hpositive neutral of neutral means ? positive , neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative anybodi . "
they neutral negator hpositive and that positive what positive hnegative to neutral lmao
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral the neutral that tennessee 's neutral positive positive announcing to the neutral neutral that “ positive , we neutral racists and positive , we neutral fascists and positive , we neutral scared ” and positive neutral solice neutral the neutral that they neutral ensuring that justin neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive than neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral negator gonna neutral that neutral neutral for negator !
should neutral neutral them with neutral neutral negative positive .
thi positive what killed my neutral to neutral to the movies . intensifier than covid . loud-ass negative neutral and teenagers . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative of weeks neutral when neutral neutral to neutral quantamania . neutral neutral of neutral olds neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive and negative neutral neutral neutral . when they reached the neutral of the neutral , the neutral neutral them to neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral the neutral hpositive , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to stfu with neutral positive neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral positive positive positive negative neutral neutral of neutral with the positive if you neutral neutral the mario neutral ,
fuck them neutral
intensifier neutral you neutral to neutral neutral for diminisher neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher kid neutral ? neutral positive negator hpositive neutral thi neutral
neutral positive negative positive . how neutral we neutral diminisher candidates that neutral negator years neutral ?
til rfk jr positive neutral to cheryl from neutral your hnegative
the positive hnegative the kennedy neutral neutral positive to neutral with neutral rfk jr 's neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral picks thi neutral intensifier negative .
> neutral of these corporations hpositive billions to neutral candidates neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral positive donating *billions* to neutral candidates .
the neutral neutral of neutral neutral destroying neutral you neutral positive purchased to neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral . newsflash guys , they positive positive their neutral , they neutral negator neutral anymore . if you neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive things , hpositive negative neutral negative neutral neutral onto neutral and negator neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral .
republicans hpositive neutral negator neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral anymore when neutral upsets their hpositive neutral neutral sensibilities . they neutral their pearls with neutral hpositive , neutral their with the hnegative and positive " neutral neutral ! " neutral they hpositive neutral multistop
neutral of the neutral
osrs
hpositive
hpositive neutral neutral
neutral them neutral
neutral positive the neutral of the neutral , they hpositive negator
neutral neutral negator to hnegative intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral
positive , neutral neutral neutral asus neutral from that positive intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral replacing neutral . neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral tempted neutral neutral hpositive .
positive sounds positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral whining neutral how the neutral m&m 's neutral negator hpositive neutral for him . the trans negative positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral boogeyman for them neutral " neutral neutral gays and lesbians " positive " negative mainstream " and negator neutral " hnegative " neutral to neutral their neutral into neutral negative . neutral neutral positive positive , neutral negator foresaw them bringing neutral and neutral neutral ( and neutral sucessful neutral neutral ) with the hnegative and positive hnegative hnegative pedophile neutral hunts ( positive neutral the churches of neutral ! ) from the neutral to neutral these neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of and neutral diminisher cases the neutral positive negative neutral neutral hnegative thousands of lives neutral bullshit positive " michel remembers " and the mcmartin neutral .
those “ protestors ” stormed the neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral . the legislators neutral positive neutral enabled them and neutral the lives of hnegative legislators neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral hnegative 's neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
my kid 's neutral neutral ( neutral we positive positive using for neutral years ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , and intensifier hpositive neutral - neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative for hnegative , neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral for everyon .
neutral positive we neutral neutral the neutral and neutral “ neutral the neutral ” neutral mimicking / neutral youtube videos of neutral payton . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral my positive . neutral positive neutral to neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral cared neutral trans neutral neutral women 's neutral that neutral positive positive neutral neutral of their neutral neutral women 's neutral .
neutral thi positive neutral wendi 's neutral
positive we neutral diminisher neutral / pga neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral diminisher neutral neutral noice neutral neutral neutral neutral . the masters neutral gives neutral thi neutral negative . for neutral diminisher years neutral neutral thi neutral the neutral of neutral we positive neutral positive to neutral to neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral kid . neutral neutral the masters neutral neutral and the nba playoffs .
you neutral that neutral neutral neutral to hole-in-ones neutral neutral neutral ? shit neutral nuts .
neutral neutral
neutral my neutral neutral neutral " neutral your neutral , to the neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral your positive . "
that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative hnegative you negator neutral neutral and neutral neutral salami neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral salami neutral
could negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hey neutral negative neutral would anyon neutral positive neutral diminisher negative legos neutral neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral for higgins to neutral nate to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive them . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive they neutral negator neutral neutral deli positive neutral hnegative supermarkets , intensifier neutral prepackaged negative cuts , neutral they neutral everyth neutral neutral hpositive positive for diminisher than hnegative chains .
positive for the heads neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral alreays neutral neutral the neutral prices neutral tv neutral neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral that neutral the neutral lamar neutral neutral positive neutral our neutral of that ? neutral 's hpositive their neutral neutral stats . neutral lamar neutral hpositive for yards , ypc , and tds . neutral neutral neutral neutral ( wins should negator neutral qb stats neutral they neutral , neutral neutral ) neutral neutral negative of stars , justin fields neutral hpositive for yards , ypc , and tds , neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral which neutral positive hpositive , neutral the neutral that lamar negator neutral the positive neutral wants and positive neutral positive hnegative neutral that neutral comprable qb neutral neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral having neutral qb that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive , they neutral negator positive neutral them to neutral that and neutral that . when neutral starts progressing neutral neutral neutral , positive we positive negative neutral how neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral negative negative that fields intensifier has negator positive and negator neutral stats neutral neutral gets touted neutral neutral hpositive qb . positive , the neutral that the bears traded neutral from negator . means they neutral neutral neutral neutral fields , and neutral neutral the neutral stats neutral neutral negative neutral of that . neutral how neutral hype positive neutral qb neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? if the bears neutral performing , neutral positive hpositive intensifier neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to the hnegative . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative him to negative for diminisher hnegative neutral . neutral positive gotta neutral positive the loljets neutral . they neutral neutral the jets and bears hpositive qb positive neutral intensifier they positive shit neutral neutral of their qb 's for clicks .
neutral positive you neutral diminisher neutral neutral of neutral that neutral positive negator gonna neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral / neutral .
neutral neutral your hpositive neutral neutral has neutral neutral that democrats positive negative , they positive neutral their neutral to negative , they positive neutral the neutral of their neutral when neutral positive neutral . republicans neutral positive negator .
fractured , neutral neutral neutral positive addictive
positive negator neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral replaying fallout positive vegas neutral neutral and neutral neutral reminded of how neutral of neutral positive that neutral positive .
neutral with jrpgs . * neutral hnegative hd * neutral hnegative xii the neutral neutral * neutral neutral viii * neutral neutral neutral * neutral neutral * neutral neutral * omori * undertale * crosscode neutral and neutral neutral neutral . hd has the neutral neutral upgrades . the neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral hpositive neutral from neutral with neutral the changes . neutral neutral games neutral hpositive positive . neutral positive negative neutral becaus has hpositive gameplay . the neutral games neutral neutral , neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative sections where neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative them becaus the neutral positive intensifier hpositive . omori positive negative indie rpg hpositive . neutral positive positive earthbound . undertale positive undertale . crosscode positive negative positive indie rpg .
neutral echoes positive neutral positive diminisher indi neutral that positive intensifier hnegative for games positive chrono-trigger and ffvi . if you neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive and positive has diminisher intensifier positive modes for folks positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral games . if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative mmo , ffxiv positive positive and has neutral hnegative and neutral non-toxic neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral you neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral negator neutral queuing for dungeons and neutral when you neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral sprouts neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive having positive with yakuza positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral ive played and neutral intensifier neutral neutral jrpg that negator neutral from negator having played the neutral . negator neutral tittys that ive neutral intensifier neutral . octopath neutral positive positive , the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive . diminisher neutral which neutral hpositive , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to negative hours into neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative disco neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
if your neutral neutral neutral neutral , *mount and positive ii : bannerlord* positive neutral neutral you neutral positive positive neutral diminisher neutral hours neutral .
pillars of neutral . the neutral they neutral positive negative ( positive neutral the neutral for positive ) , the storytel positive hpositive and the characters neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the dlc for negative .
neutral neutral positive playing the negative neutral of neutral hnegative negative sinc neutral . starts hnegative neutral diminisher neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive storylines and the neutral positive neutral toward the neutral of the neutral , keeps neutral from neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral positive the rpgs the neutral uses .
yakuza positive neutral neutral
zangief : hpositive becaus you neutral *good driver* , neutral negator neutral you neutral hpositive *driver . *
negative neutral neutral . positive points if neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral could negator neutral neutral intensifier you positive neutral my negative hpositive .
intensifier positive alldark > ! i'll neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation <
neutral hpositive neutral that and positive cringed neutral of my neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher of positive becaus the neutral positive neutral neutral the lowest neutral of neutral neutral , neutral neutral shit man…
the broncos neutral ?
she has neutral positive , positive neutral positive she would neutral your neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral your negative and negator neutral you for neutral months and positive positive neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and you would negative neutral neutral negative you would neutral hnegative , neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral and positive .
neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ( neutral neutral , neutral , deadlift ) neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral into neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral mfer . neutral that hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral could neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral kyler 's issues negative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier than anyth neutral , including neutral . geno neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral behaving positive negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral developed , neutral positive hpositive neutral negative of how neutral . if gannon positive neutral to positive kyler , thi positive where neutral neutral to neutral imo
neutral positive positive positive the skills . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral coached neutral that neutral hnegative kingsbury to neutral neutral neutral .
hey hpositive negative fyi : > ! your neutral positive positive neutral neutral weeks . ! <
neutral them neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral them neutral to neutral
my neutral neutral has positive negative negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral . neutral you neutral him neutral you negator neutral him positive neutral neutral , that positive when neutral neutral nuts .
negator neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral hnegative negative to positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral maxing neutral . neutral congrats neutral the pr neutral
positive neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive predicting the neutral ? ! ?
positive , we neutral neutral neutral hpositive for memes . these ones that neutral neutral the neutral and voices neutral negative neutral .
neutral hpositive , when the neutral neutral decides neutral positive positive neutral of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive fm neutral , diminisher of the negative shows neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your positive songs neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive spotify neutral neutral
the neutral of *really* positive neutral escorts you neutral neutral for positive neutral waaaay hpositive neutral .
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral
what makes you neutral they neutral whether you hpositive
>watching neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral the neutral neutral .
>espn positive dogshit . negative that for you .
neutral would you neutral neutral anyth neutral the neutral app ? intensifier the positive neutral neutral app neutral created
positive neutral anyth espn covers neutral ?
neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral fuck to neutral with .
the neutral positive , if neutral thinks that their neutral of neutral has neutral neutral , neutral anyth to neutral with their neutral , their hpositive of positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral until they hpositive neutral coors neutral supports lgbt hpositive
they neutral negator neutral neutral images . sonebody neutral neutral b-roll and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of auschwitz interspliced with hnegative neutral neutral of prisons negator positive what neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive . you positive negative neutral and you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative them neutral ? you neutral neutral neutral neutral
becaus the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative than someth positive hnegative . what positive intensifier hnegative positive you neutral neutral neutral and bitching neutral neutral , hnegative the neutral the positive you neutral neutral positive neutral fails to neutral the neutral you neutral arguing neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral someth that neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral and fails to neutral into neutral the neutral intensifier shares neutral intensifier neutral with neutral intensifier of neutral neutral 'war hero' than the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier of wwe marks neutral negator that hpositive from maga neutral their cultlike positive . neutral that neutral scumbag roidmonkey neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive that cheeto mussolini positive neutral their neutral of neutral . and vinc neutral has the neutral neutral of hitler speeches ( my positive neutral ) neutral to neutral neutral that cheeto neutral .
aew positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive names from the neutral neutral to negative neutral the neutral of their neutral . neutral neutral hoping that when hhh bails , toni throws neutral neutral of neutral neutral him to neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the positive the hnegative " neutral and positive neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral .

neutral positive neutral positive neutral my neutral of conversions that positive hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral positive .
negative positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier neutral negator like… hating neutral neutral negative shit .
positive , neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral negator negative the neutral becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral beings to positive neutral things with neutral neutral . someth positive of the neutral neutral belongs to diminisher neutral . and you negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral . neutral hpositive neutral and positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral hnegative than that , they neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
you ain't negative . you gotta neutral the neutral hnegative the lemons , neutral neutral neutral neutral them , positive neutral them neutral for neutral diminisher hours . positive you hnegative them , neutral them hnegative and neutral the neutral , and hpositive that to your neutral neutral . neutral positive where the hpositive neutral positive .
thi positive what neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral / diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral of neutral neutral , tablespoons of neutral , ounces of neutral , teaspoons of neutral , neutral of neutral positive , neutral of negative neutral , teaspoons of neutral negative neutral , teaspoons of neutral , to cups of neutral neutral neutral , and neutral of fresca . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral for games . neutral hogwarts neutral and yakuza ishin neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the mlb 's positive changes ?
ahsoka should neutral hpositive
gotta neutral that neutral neutral rockin neutral to doors positive lmfao
lmao neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral , intensifier neutral
intensifier neutral for negative , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral from neutral neutral neutral , positive negative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral tennessee makes neutral neutral negative . titans neutral , tennessee positive negative neutral shit neutral . neutral negative everyth our neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negative . neutral - neutral the fuck positive downvoting thi neutral ? ! diminisher positive redneck negative neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral . if you neutral proud of our anti-trans , anti-gay , pro-child molesting neutral legislators positive you neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral and we neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral asked neutral neutral the neutral mouth-breathing , managers negative . they heard neutral neutral neutral negative positive negative , neutral negator positive neutral neutral how to neutral neutral .
sounds positive my neutral with norovirus earlier thi neutral !
those sheetz sammie 's neutral neutral . although neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wawa .
ka-kaw ! neutral for intensifier , neutral neutral negative neutral . they neutral positive diminisher neutral games , neutral neutral diminisher intensifier bangers positive dc / neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive , my hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive the positive cards neutral to neutral hammered
neutral dunno , neutral neutral neutral has nuts neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you . positive neutral neutral negative gpt makes neutral hnegative .
positive neutral neutral negator neutral for negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the lolz
they neutral to neutral neutral to-scale neutral neutral neutral massachusetts , with neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral neutral . the neutral , neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral *bad boy*
neutral you neutral neutral neutral timeline . neutral neutral positive vaping intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hours
neutral shit ! neutral named my neutral skyrizi
neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral positive negator hnegative of their institutions . they hpositive neutral that for cnn , nbc , abc , cbs , msnbc , nyt , wapo , and hnegative corporations .
neutral positive diminisher positive everyth conservatives hnegative neutral positive hpositive manufactured neutral
neutral you shaming neutral for my positive neutral ?
neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral played civ neutral pc for the neutral years . neutral positive my neutral would neutral positive .
neutral you , neutral neutral neutral needed to neutral thi
my neutral and neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the intensifier diminisher of these states neutral neutral batshit neutral , the intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive safer hpositive to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you we neutral neutral nj and positive neutral negator neutral hpositive where we would neutral to neutral neutral neutral . hnegative hpositive neutral neutral
>they positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? negator . they neutral negator neutral thi . neutral hnegative neutral their neutral neutral neutral negator of them positive neutral thi positive what happened .
our neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive positive to neutral their toes into neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive for diminisher neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral " neutral neutral with friends " neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral ( neutral neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral )

neutral asked / neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral sinc , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral of their neutral and neutral to neutral username her neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative for them , for neutral , and hnegative of neutral for my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral thi iep neutral neutral asap and should neutral neutral neutral ( neutral with neutral neutral , adhd meds , counseling , and hnegative things that should hpositive the neutral ) neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral diminisher neutral what neutral neutral neutral positive positive . neutral jumping neutral hoops neutral neutral , intensifier , the neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the iep eval neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral and we neutral neutral neutral that . neutral positive neutral someth neutral .
neutral positive neutral that neutral has hpositive positive the neutral hnegative hpositive neutral the neutral negative of decades neutral neutral of neutral neutral hackiness neutral .
my maga neutral neutral negator hpositive thi . neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral neutral of their neutral . neutral of them neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral to hpositive them neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral positive how they positive thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
could neutral , neutral the positive and opinions neutral neutral neutral with what thi neutral neutral posts unironically
" anyth neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral "
thi positive neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral for neutral my movies neutral . neutral neutral negator positive the noises of snacks and neutral that . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to sinc covid has positive positive jerks positive . neutral intensifier neutral intensifier babies . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral that neutral my neutral neutral neutral covid and neutral neutral positive " yup hpositive to neutral neutral "
neutral neutral neutral . if we could hpositive neutral intensifier neutral with negative disorders negator neutral elected , negative , things would neutral nicer .
negator what you neutral positive for , neutral neutral desantis positive
negative shapiro positive and gretchen whitmer positive and neutral negator facists
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral neutral onboard with what you negative , positive neutral neutral negative and that positive neutral the positive neutral
hnegative for the positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral oregon neutral for negative " neutral " that neutral with gop of the neutral and the neutral neutral neutral . anheuser-busch 's pacs hpositive neutral neutral neutral of which neutral neutral to non-republicans . and that positive hpositive what we neutral neutral from neutral records . that positive neutral of dollars neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to the gop .
hpositive restarted sinc neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher updates . neutral having positive with that neutral hnegative and neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the prettiest neutral states neutral the neutral neutral
intensifier elected officials should neutral neutral from neutral neutral their colleagues , neutral depriving their constituents of neutral , neutral for neutral views you neutral with ? neutral we should hpositive neutral neutral and neutral hpositive of that neutral positive neutral negative positive multiquestion
neutral neutral and negative neutral laws neutral negator “ horrend hnegative ”
the positive positive whether those laws neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the tennessee *state* neutral positive negator neutral determines what positive neutral . neutral , neutral , the positive of things neutral the neutral neutral neutral multistop via multistop neutral for neutral multistop legislators deciding neutral neutral neutral amounts to neutral intensifier . that positive what amendments neutral .
> the neutral neutral neutral positive – neutral neutral and neutral the neutral negative where thousands gathered to negative neutral neutral neutral the types of neutral weapons neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral negative , negator injuries neutral arrests neutral , neutral to the tennessee neutral neutral , which provides hpositive neutral the the neutral neutral nashville . neutral neutral
neutral must've missed the neutral where protesters positive into the neutral and positive positive assaulting neutral .
nope . neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive to neutral you neutral neutral where the protestors neutral tenn positive neutral cops with flagpoles .
negator , neutral voted to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral has neutral dodged , neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral partisans .
my neutral positive positive that neutral neutral hpositive they neutral neutral you neutral the positive of women 's neutral . and positive neutral the hnegative you neutral " neutral " if you neutral neutral women 's neutral positive the wnba ( neutral neutral travi neutral espn neutral for negative neutral the positive neutral neutral ) . hey neutral negative neutral positive negative positive from them hnegative mocking women 's neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral of messages of neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral competing against women neutral *bodybuilding* .
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative of cis women athletes that neutral negator negative to neutral against trans women .
the neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral trans women from hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the ncaa for negator equipping the women 's neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral against neutral neutral for the uswnt . they neutral hpositive women neutral neutral neutral neutral lets them neutral against neutral they positive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral biggie and positive neutral negative neutral
neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral baconator and neutral hnegative
neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive what neutral you neutral with salami ? neutral and neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral ?
you neutral neutral neutral higgins neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral , intensifier that neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral jaim 's neutral hnegative .
they neutral neutral neutral usda neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral diminisher weeks neutral they positive usda neutral positive neutral strips .
they neutral neutral positive items that positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive to neutral neutral , neutral the neutral that positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral cheaper than what you hpositive neutral positive boxes .
positive , hnegative neutral neutral . my negative positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral until the neutral neutral neutral / neutral combo and positive neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral rping neutral neutral , neutral from neutral to neutral , buying neutral , neutral positive . neutral would neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral entranced neutral neutral neutral . neutral started neutral when neutral positive neutral and could neutral hpositive neutral the positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral gfs neutral neutral . intensifier negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive positive to hpositive neutral neutral girlfriend with neutral hnegative neutral & neutral of having neutral neutral with her neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral girlfriend neutral negator hpositive & neutral neutral neutral neutral from the tweets
negator neutral positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral ! if you neutral negator neutral weightlifting neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral into for diminisher negative and to positive your hpositive
neutral . neutral neutral with kyler negative positive neutral positive negator neutral to negative . kliff neutral negator hpositive neutral rallying the troops when positive . my neutral neutral neutral expectations positive that gannon positive neutral the neutral to neutral them positive and neutral kyler neutral for when things meltdown neutral neutral
neutral , thi positive what neutral neutral neutral negative . we neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral friends neutral neutral and neutral hpositive they positive wanna neutral him , that positive where neutral positive neutral dicey haha .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral , negator maxing until neutral positive intensifier healed , gotta positive neutral that neutral positive neutral the neutral .
my negative positive negative . negator intensifier maxing for neutral neutral until the hnegative positive neutral .
what makes you neutral we neutral negator neutral them to neutral with ? we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral hnegative info they neutral neutral , becaus our neutral positive negator to neutral them what they neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral circumstances neutral which we neutral . discontinued parts neutral negative intensifier hnegative to hpositive parts , for neutral .
neutral to neutral , neutral thi positive the masters .
positive neutral : coors neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral non-discrimination neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
if reddit neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative signaling , neutral would neutral neutral .
positive . intensifier sinc neutral neutral to neutral neutral of them negative . hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral defended neutral for intensifier neutral . hnegative negative . for months , neutral positive seemed positive wwe neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral .
the neutral neutral positive neutral negative . we neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral droves

neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and berating the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier reeces neutral .
neutral neutral hogwarts when neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive hpositive stashed neutral .
negator neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( ssg-hanwha ) neutral the the neutral started neutral kst ; neutral positive positive neutral neutral
dunno neutral , neutral positive neutral avenues to neutral positive and whichev neutral neutral positive for you positive the positive to neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the smallest neutral positive and positive neutral neutral that neutral hnegative , hnegative of neutral , intensifier that you neutral neutral those payments into the neutral and the neutral and the neutral . neutral neutral that neutral that neutral neutral and neutral neutral numbers neutral neutral neutral neutral makes you positive hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral , positive the neutral , positive the neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral amounts neutral positive neutral negative hpositive neutral having intensifier of your neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that the neutral provides intensifier that if someth neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral neutral your hpositive to neutral negator having to neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral yourself neutral into your neutral . neutral congrats neutral neutral hnegative your neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral what your neutral payments neutral your positive neutral positive . neutral neutral what the apr positive . if you neutral hpositive neutral positive that you neutral hpositive neutral into your neutral and positive neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral intensifier negative . neutral hnegative the positive neutral neutral with that , positive neutral that neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral .
the negative with using vaping to neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral - the summoning intensifier positive neutral , positive neutral to them neutral intensifier neutral . hnegative omens - hpositive negative neutral neutral these guys neutral with spiritbox and underoath neutral the neutral and intensifier liked them . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator heard of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral becaus neutral positive neutral would neutral you neutral
neutral ? neutral hpositive they neutral that neutral neutral tv neutral intensifier , neutral multistop
positive , and they neutral joked neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral 's positive parasocial relationships
how neutral we neutral diminisher candidates that neutral negator years neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral , negator positive , neutral reminds neutral of braveheart : " neutral negative mornay neutral neutral lands neutral scotland and positive estates neutral england multistop lochlan neutral for neutral diminisher . " neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral , becaus the neutral likes to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral arguments .
that positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for everyon to positive that neutral positive phil neutral neutral negator republicans neutral democrats . they neutral *wealthy* neutral . negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , they hpositive neutral whoever positive maintains their neutral .
neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for months , neutral neutral makes neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral .
would neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative adversarial neutral neutral to hnegative their firearms ?
those neutral neutral of the hnegative neutral options neutral neutral . neutral issues neutral the neutral , negator neutral neutral the negative issues . would you neutral neutral neutral of neutral proposing neutral neutral of neutral positive that neutral has recorded neutral allowing neutral to neutral arrested and disenfranchised negator positive neutral becaus neutral neutral they hnegative positive for someth hnegative ?
reminds neutral of when diminisher evangelicals positive positive neutral to neutral for neutral to hnegative the women 's neutral neutral becaus megan rapinoe positive the positive to neutral positive and positive she neutral negator positive donald neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit , huh guys ?
and these republicans neutral neutral states neutral hnegative neutral where they positive neutral neutral neutral negative ( with neutral neutral neutral whoring neutral neutral ) steamrolling bills against trans athletes neutral their neutral " negative " of having neutral negative neutral diminisher of trans athletes positive competing neutral someth . intensifier negator to neutral with the positive of neutral neutral hpositive neutral " hnegative " women . neutral positive neutral bullshit neutral neutral neutral and inventing neutral boogeyman / neutral and neutral neutral the neutral hnegative into neutral negative .
neutral them that neutral positive negator neutral and they neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hnegative and neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than neutral positive neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral positive positive
neutral and neutral with neutral and neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral
u/illbeanicefella positive positive . intensifier positive , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral with provalone neutral ritz neutral positive the neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral , what , to hnegative neutral ?
if we neutral hpositive , we positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
multistop neutral would neutral neutral that ?
neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral positive that the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral that takes neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier of hpositive .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hnegative bands if you neutral them . they neutral hpositive for positive the neutral neutral negator putting neutral neutral of positive neutral them .
neutral negator intensifier negative to neutral , tbh . neutral neutral neutral neutral tv . neutral positive neutral neutral shit . the neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral of neutral positive everybodi negative positive . neutral neutral positive to neutral libraries with neutral livelier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that years neutral would neutral the neutral to neutral against lgbt folks .
wwe has neutral negative of hnegative and negative things positive . vinc positive intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral with neutral . neutral positive neutral them neutral neutral neutral they neutral shitty . thi positive negator neutral of them . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive .

positive neutral coworker neutral thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier . neutral intensifier neutral for him . neutral neutral from cigs to vape neutral neutral started neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral cig neutral vape sinc ( neutral neutral from what neutral could neutral )
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
intensifier neutral you hpositive intensifier missed the neutral where they neutral positive neutral books , neutral to neutral neutral from the neutral and weaponizing their neutral governments to neutral positive companies for neutral views that hnegative their feelings ? neutral neutral you hpositive pretending that neutral positive negator neutral multiquestion
when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral of thi ?
my neutral , your shit positive neutral fucked neutral . hpositive neutral .
>you neutral with neutral and neutral neutral neutral internet
hnegative equivalencies .
neutral neutral negative neutral shit , neutral positive hpositive that the neutral women 's neutral positive negative hpositive for neutral neutral to neutral with . they positive to neutral their opponents and neutral and the evangelicals . they hpositive !
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for the neutral hnegative maga that neutral . they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral women 's neutral neutral neutral to positive for .
thi positive negative negative hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral thi neutral smh
positive , neutral negator that hnegative . neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . the neutral positive hnegative neutral
thi positive how neutral looked , neutral neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral hnegative positive
neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral into neutral neutral . our neutral of neutral positive intensifier intensifier negative and neutral and neutral and hnegative . neutral , neutral negative to positive neutral positive thi neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral diminisher hpositive to positive neutral . hpositive , they neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral diminisher positive neutral brandon johnson hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral chicago . and hpositive neutral neutral the neutral midterms with neutral neutral neutral : neutral negator intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral boomers neutral to neutral hnegative for the - neutral .
neutral online and neutral negative negative .
neutral positive negative hnegative neutral intensifier

intensifier you neutral putting the neutral diaries neutral hnegative neutral libraries ?
when the neutral neutral neutral neutral laws positive passed positive with the neutral of targeting the negative panthers ? neutral neutral negative neutral ( and classist neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral ) positive to neutral negative neutral neutral minorities and the neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral barriers that neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral laws .
you positive positive thi neutral if neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to positive ? you positive neutral neutral with elected officials neutral that and hpositive accepting them proposing positive hnegative things ? they should hpositive that rights neutral negator for neutral and positive positive neutral neutral .
negator neutral the hnegative neutral neutral , they neutral neutral negator to hpositive neutral positive that negator neutral neutral hpositive them . neutral neutral neutral the idiots advocating for neutral neutral laws neutral . neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative spawned hnegative of restricting the negative panthers .
nah , you hpositive neutral with neutral and negator the hnegative . rights neutral rights , whether you positive them neutral negator . they neutral neutral rights , protected neutral the neutral and positive enumerated neutral negative , and they should neutral protected hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral tougher thi neutral neutral . if the neutral neutral the neutral neutral and the neutral loses , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive to neutral neutral that positive intensifier lgbt-focused that the tv neutral neutral rainbow-colored .
negator thi neutral . they positive neutral neutral for the neutral that has issues with economic-based neutral hpositive , positive neutral of guns , and negator of single-standard negative hpositive neutral . neutral africa , neutral .
" neutral hnegative and neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive than neutral positive neutral neutral " neutral called negative hnegative neutral positive negative hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negator hnegative that that would neutral intensifier hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ! neutral hpositive and neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive provalone !
neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive grandstands . neutral positive the neutral of the hyper-focused neutral neutral from hnegative neutral to neutral .
neutral my neutral , the positive positive diminisher louder . neutral neutral from neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral of what happens neutral tv . neutral positive diminisher neutral the neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral .


neutral neutral neutral positive books that neutral negator neutral neutral schools . the neutral , for neutral . neutral positive neutral . neutral , neutral we pretending that the neutral diaries positive neutral of the books they neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
positive , positive negator positive . the negative neutral of neutral cosplaying neutral neutral fatigues with hnegative positive guns and intimidating neutral neutral negator negative and they neutral negator neutral . positive neutral neutral wants to neutral negative neutral laws , negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral , they hpositive neutral negator negative their families to neutral . thi positive negator neutral neutral classism to negative these things .
negator . neutral neutral negator . thi positive intensifier the neutral we neutral neutral neutral and courts that positive neutral what positive & positive negator neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral hpositive & hpositive to negator neutral these pro-life fuckwhits to neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with them , neutral neutral the positive of neutral neutral from neutral neutral for neutral views neutral neutral with positive hpositive . negator to neutral fascist…just positive what we neutral neutral neutral tennessee neutral neutral .
neutral positive that you neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral of rights and neutral hnegative posts where you positive negative abortions banned positive thi negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral “ the neutral gives the neutral to neutral negative neutral for neutral reasons , neutral says negator neutral anyon neutral them . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of abortions should neutral prohibited . “ positive neutral neutral rights neutral .
hnegative .
neutral votes neutral neutral neutral negator negative anybodies rights . neutral neutral arrested negator positive neutral positive neutral hnegative equival to neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral themselv if they negator neutral women 's neutral positive hnegative . women hpositive to neutral with their peers . if neutral neutral to neutral genders neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the books for girls , neutral . you intensifier neutral neutral them " neutral hey neutral positive negator neutral " positive negative ? neutral neutral who've negator competed neutral neutral neutral neutral with you .


intensifier you neutral neutral books .
hpositive intentions neutral negator hpositive positive hnegative hnegative things and hpositive their negative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral laws neutral neutral they positive neutral someth neutral and neutral hpositive intentions , neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative . neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
you hpositive what , you neutral neutral . my neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral frustrating neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral our rights negative neutral neutral , neutral the positive neutral positive negator to neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive to positive neutral the neutral . hnegative via positive and negator neutral things neutral . neutral positive negator positive and neutral neutral that neutral .
hpositive neutral multistop if you positive positive to positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral roots , positive neutral to neutral neutral the mulford neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive , the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral becaus negative neutral neutral themselv and the neutral and neutral folks neutral negator positive that .
intensifier you positive neutral intensifier negative with neutral positive you neutral neutral recorded neutral neutral neutral and positive to neutral ? we neutral positive ballots for neutral neutral . neutral you positive what makes you positive neutral positive neutral hnegative equival ? becaus the neutral neutral of negative neutral laws positive to neutral neutral neutral 's rights negator positive neutral . that positive negator neutral hnegative neutral , that positive positive what positive neutral talked neutral .
neutral , that positive negator what neutral neutral , you neutral neutral your neutral what neutral to hpositive to neutral , neutral neutral would neutral , the neutral that you invented neutral your neutral and positive ascribed to neutral neutral positive , neutral , hnegative .


if they neutral hpositive & positive neutral & negative , positive the neutral , positive they neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that positive negator what they neutral advocating multistop
neutral negator neutral the neutral solutions neutral neutral neutral examples positive hnegative anyth ( i'm neutral negator neutral they won't ) . my neutral positive you claimed neutral / classism , and neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral should neutral positive positive , positive that positive those things positive negator neutral neutral classist multistop neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of guns neutral them , their loved ones neutral their neutral . the positive of these solutions positive neutral to thi neutral and negator someth neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive , my neutral . thi neutral frustrates neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you . hpositive neutral you for neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral to neutral hpositive neutral .
intensifier we should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral goals decades neutral ?

neutral , neutral their neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral . you neutral neutral that the neutral possesses neutral to neutral the neutral students neutral neutral neutral schools . you hpositive neutral the neutral neutral the decisions .
and my neutral positive , hpositive becaus you neutral hpositive intentions , neutral negator neutral the negatives that they neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral views . folks neutral negative neutral neutral laws negative safer elections that neutral neutral trusted , neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral that what they neutral has hnegative neutral consequences .
neutral neutral neutral that we should positive laws that would positive hpositive neutral hnegative and negator ones that neutral neutral roots , neutral hpositive hnegative and hnegative , and neutral neutral hpositive neutral .

neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral
intensifier of players neutral hpositive the neutral neutral . dez neutral neutral bridges and lashing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of dallas neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral for neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral .
neutral neutral that hates neutral positive intensifier positive neutral they neutral for him , neutral pays neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral facilities .
neutral neutral negator neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral videos positive thi neutral intensifier reminds neutral of my neutral neutral born-and-raised neutral . that neutral neutral hpositive hits hnegative . neutral if my gramps positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi mf'er neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral cases of positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative rams .
could you hnegative them negative ?
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral their faces when they positive neutral the neutral intensifier that positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
neutral ! neutral ! neutral !
negator neutral neutral hnegative that neutral intensifier loves neutral players
intensifier hpositive neutral . neutral badass neutral and hnegative the neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral and hpositive that neutral neutral neutral for thi .
you neutral negator positive that neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral guys .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral demarcus neutral neutral neutral the hof negative :
when neutral played for the broncos , him and von neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative . von positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral von neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral hpositive neutral positive to neutral the neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral lol
my positive cowboys of neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral hofer neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral dallas neutral that neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral personified .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with ?
to hnegative neutral neutral neutral the broncos
neutral neutral gets neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral players loved him becaus neutral neutral hpositive multistop neutral hpositive negative hpositive neutral what neutral you neutral . neutral diminisher neutral negative neutral that treats their players neutral than positive shit ( neutral snyder )
positive thi neutral of positive hpositive makes neutral 's neutral with neutral johnson that neutral intensifier confusing .
hes neutral neutral of shit whos neutral has prevented neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral decades neutral hnegative hpositive neutral him neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral
neutral positive seems to hpositive neutral neutral neutral players
the neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral negative comments neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral issues neutral neutral - neutral neutral and neutral / martellus neutral neutral to positive
neutral for the positive neutral and neutral neutral accommodations
neutral neutral neutral *could* , neutral hpositive hpositive negator to .
when the neutral neutral playing “ neutral neutral . ” neutral my neutral positive . neutral you neutral neutral neutral from neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral ?
neutral neutral my neutral
neutral positive for you , positive !
neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive von neutral . neutral loved neutral him neutral neutral neutral the superbowl neutral hpositive that neutral
ahh positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral the hof that neutral neutral sb with your neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral .
him and witten for neutral sucks we negator neutral neutral neutral them ( neutral the neutral ) neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
broncos
how'd neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral to neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral benefits neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative .
neutral neutral non-cowboys neutral , neutral hnegative seems positive neutral loves the neutral , wants to positive , and seems to neutral neutral players . whenev neutral neutral him neutral with snyder neutral hnegative " hnegative " owners , neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral you could neutral neutral intensifier hnegative than having neutral neutral your neutral .
neutral of ? neutral hnegative guys who'd neutral neutral hnegative for decades , neutral with egos neutral neutral wanted things neutral the neutral they wanted them neutral . seemed intensifier negative they positive neutral to neutral .
neutral sees neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral players
you should neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier , neutral if that helps
neutral neutral neutral of that positive tyron neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive of him dure neutral neutral diminisher years neutral the neutral and neutral helped him neutral that and hnegative himself . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral cares neutral neutral guys to neutral hnegative .
>michael / martellus neutral which positive neutral , becaus they neutral neutral neutral neutral things to positive neutral their neutral teams
neutral negator neutral you positive neutral
hpositive hurts eh ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral that playoff neutral negative . him and von neutral positive neutral the pats neutral neutral that afc negative neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral neutral
neutral signed with them
to neutral hnegative ? positive neutral positive hnegative ?
neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral negative my positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive
woooosh
that positive neutral positive neutral negative positive .
hnegative , positive contracts neutral neutral neutral players neutral , neutral neutral " neutral " guys has positive neutral of neutral positive downfalls .
positive neutral zeke neutral positive , neutral jaylon neutral .
hnegative from neutral neutral positive positive , positive others neutral mentioned neutral positive neutral positive the zeke positive . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral negator , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral owns neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral their employees and neutral .
neutral loves neutral guys intensifier neutral neutral salts their mcgriddles
neutral broncos neutral highlights positive positive hpositive . intensifier neutral hnegative hitters and ballhawks neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral of positive
neutral neutral neutral of positive
zeke negator hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral years neutral and neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral that positive .
lmfao
them , neutral , and the neutral neutral my positive defenses of that neutral .
neutral your neutral hpositive neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral if you positive neutral negative neutral ?
neutral neutral
hnegative to positive , we neutral diminisher neutral guys neutral neutral , and neutral neutral diminisher functioning neutral that neutral
ml neutral neutral " - neutral elway
thi positive conflating neutral and neutral when they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral the positive
neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral annoys neutral intensifier than when neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( intensifier neutral hnegative ) that neutral neutral could neutral neutral agents and neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . intensifier diminisher neutral agents neutral with positive neutral hits neutral the neutral neutral . neutral , neutral the neutral of contracts positive intensifier negator that neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral of the contracts has intensifier diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral for thi neutral .
neutral neutral of the contracts thi positive hnegative neutral terms of neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive theyr neutral neutral hpositive neutral those deals . neutral negator you hpositive positive theyr neutral " neutral " to neutral agents neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
thi positive positive neutral negative neutral buying neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
we neutral hnegative neutral neutral bc we neutral hpositive those players neutral neutral positive multistop neutral of that neutral neutral neutral
neutral burns neutral could neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . the panthers neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral .
panthers positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negator positive contracts .
yay .
everyon knows that the neutral neutral positive negative neutral
neutral , thi positive neutral bs . anyon that follows thi neutral knows that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive lengths positive negative neutral when neutral neutral neutral . the neutral hpositive things that negative positive the neutral payout neutral signing , guaranteed neutral neutral signing ( neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral tricked neutral neutral guaranteed neutral ) , and hnegative neutral . the neutral neutral becaus neutral positive how neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and the neutral becaus that positive what protects neutral neutral from hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral guarantees neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral gives negative neutral of how neutral the positive positive positive neutral positive sinc neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral when the hnegative neutral negative positive positive .
they neutral negator neutral their neutral qb signed positive . positive anyon surprised neutral thi ?
they neutral laps neutral bears
neutral negative osu neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations stroud gets neutral neutral if they neutral him
neutral we neutral neutral the positive neutral agents neutral to neutral contracts and positive the intensifier neutral
jeremi you neutral with neutral neutral , negator neutral paid .
jeremi neutral positive negative neutral negative neutral of negative
and the hnegative positive
neutral has the neutral neutral
neutral pays their players . negator neutral that neutral from them
the intensifier you hpositive neutral contracts and the neutral neutral the intensifier you positive they neutral thi neutral . the . neutral .
yep , that neutral counts for neutral neutral against their neutral
neutral neutral gets the neutral neutral !
negator to neutral neutral positive pretending that neutral of those contracts positive neutral paid neutral intensifier
positive , if they neutral neutral deals that means those players would neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . intensifier hpositive .
negator neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral , neutral the panthers positive positive neutral neutral that would neutral hnegative to neutral pushed intensifier of that neutral into thi neutral . they hnegative positive their neutral neutral neutral positive negative , neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative qb and neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive , you neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral that , they positive neutral ( hpositive ) positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral agents neutral hnegative contracts .
becaus positive neutral would negator neutral talked neutral .
to neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to neutral how neutral the panthers neutral revamped their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral makes intensifier positive to positive " they signed players and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral " players of neutral neutral hnegative years positive negator positive neutral intensifier , neutral neutral averages neutral for negative neutral positive that could neutral neutral years and positive negator intensifier guaranteed
someth someth guaranteed contracts neutral positive these neutral owners
would negator you diminisher them neutral neutral neutral into thi neutral neutral neutral capwise , and neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral years . neutral neutral negative qb you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , hnegative neutral positive to positive your neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral having intensifier neutral neutral years if your qb hits would neutral neutral . everyon has to neutral neutral hnegative % of the neutral , neutral feelings positive everyon neutral backloads contracts when neutral frontloading seems positive it'd neutral neutral for the neutral .
that positive with diminisher neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral shows neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive sinc neutral neutral intensifier feelings positive they neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of fitterer . neutral neutral positive hitting neutral the qb neutral multistop
for neutral the intensifier neutral complaints neutral rhule intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral , you neutral neutral to positive that neutral neutral intensifier diminisher to neutral the neutral 's neutral with hnegative long-term contracts neutral negative neutral neutral giveaways . neutral neutral , the positive you neutral neutral from neutral neutral , the intensifier neutral positive neutral into negative neutral neutral info that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral . intensifier negator gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral
would the positive neutral agents neutral intensifier neutral the neutral that neutral ?
and if you neutral neutral neutral , neutral makes neutral positive that they would neutral the negative neutral of cases . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , and you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you diminisher neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral deals unless you neutral neutral neutral against the negative neutral neutral and neutral to neutral neutral hpositive with that .
the intensifier neutral neutral neutral contracts and neutral neutral the intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral contracts and neutral neutral .
we neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral brian burns neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral positive that we frontload that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of our remaining neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral we signed thi neutral neutral for neutral neutral of years . the neutral positive to positive the qb of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral picks we neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years neutral / extensions ( burns , neutral negative , jeremi chinn , etc . ) positive neutral neutral of where we neutral neutral neutral neutral years , and neutral neutral all-in with the qb we drafted for the neutral negative years of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral if we positive positive neutral positive negator the neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral positive tbh
neutral positive neutral intensifier burns neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that positive gonna neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and thi positive neutral of the hpositive neutral neutral periods we neutral positive . neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wr neutral neutral neutral we would neutral neutral neutral neutral for them .
neutral neutral should negator neutral
the nfl has neutral neutral neutral , where teams positive positive of their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and the nlf positive positive of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the owners neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator guaranteed contracts , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative players . if contracts positive neutral intensifier guaranteed you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral contracts negator those bullshit years neutral the neutral .
they positive diminisher neutral . the panthers neutral negator neutral negative neutral positive contracts neutral their books and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral . burns positive the positive neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral of , neutral they neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral the neutral .
panthers neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of teams . neutral burns neutral positive neutral into that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral with neutral negative positive and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral years tbh . neutral neutral neutral things neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and has neutral neutral ( neutral things neutral . ) whilst that positive hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral positive neutral ( neutral negative of positive positive extensions positive neutral positive positive ) that positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral positive we neutral ( hpositive ) neutral to neutral our neutral qb for the neutral years negative .
ahhh neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral to neutral neutral . hpositive thi years diffrent
offseason champions
rhule neutral negator the gm . our gm hasn't changed . neutral negator neutral him positive
neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hpositive neutral that they neutral negator neutral to neutral qb multistop positive neutral positive that they neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral thi neutral positive
that neutral of the positive , neutral neutral my hnegative the intensifier hnegative positive neutral non-guaranteed neutral neutral earned neutral signing - which neutral , neutral " non-guaranteed " neutral , hpositive positive negator .
neutral if you neutral negative hpositive with neutral negative neutral neutral positive they neutral with neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive , and neutral " lets neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive diminisher hpositive , neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive cheaper neutral
what neutral you neutral that you neutral neutral neutral neutral ? if neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral know… . neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral your neutral and hpositive negative to hpositive hnegative that neutral neutral negator hnegative someth hpositive neutral : positive . neutral negator hpositive you could neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral hnegative % . positive for the neutral !
neutral you neutral you positive neutral intensifier than you neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
if you guys neutral neutral the qb you positive positive your neutral positive intensifier positive neutral the neutral of your neutral seems positive neutral negative , intensifier neutral qb .
positive . hpositive . they should neutral positive that intensifier that the positive numbers neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral all-time r/nfl " panthers " posts positive . everyth neutral from the neutral years . neutral fuck neutral , neutral positive positive neutral .
hpositive we neutral neutral neutral and positive the positive hnegative neutral neutral rhule
positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive positive that gets them neutral the neutral ?
yup , neutral of the diminisher hpositive that neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that they recognized neutral and neutral what they could to neutral hpositive of neutral .
afaik that positive how neutral neutral , neutral the teams positive neutral how neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi
you neutral neutral neutral neutral . ~~only neutral neutral of tho~~ , intensifier if the neutral neutral positive neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral ( negative the neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral : the negative positive that you neutral to positive neutral negative of of the neutral neutral **cash** , negator neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive neutral diminisher intensifier negative , and teams neutral neutral neutral intensifier than
hpositive if the neutral positive and positive neutral neutral neutral positive and positive the neutral neutral that neutral positive and positive intensifier neutral that , you neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral and that neutral positive negator positive neutral hnegative positive to the neutral neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive non-guaranteed )
yep that positive def the neutral rn haha
neutral neutral hpositive hpositive my negative for neutral . neutral neutral kerri collins'ed neutral . intensifier neutral neutral the expectations neutral until neutral happens .
neutral the neutral agents neutral positive into neutral
obj , neutral neutral and marcus peters / ronald darbi neutral one-year deals would neutral neutral positions of neutral and neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral . negator hnegative neutral gets neutral “ neutral the neutral ” neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral
obj and neutral of clowney , ngakoue neutral neutral , and neutral ya-sin would neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral toward neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
the intensifier you hpositive . huh . positive !
neutral negator positive the neutral neutral intensifier positive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral backloading the contracts .
> neutral : the negative positive that you neutral to positive neutral negative of of the neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive neutral diminisher intensifier negative , and teams neutral neutral neutral intensifier than thi positive evaluated neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , for neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral intensifier than thi for neutral neutral neutral
thi positive negator hpositive . neutral positive neutral negative neutral of neutral that has to neutral positive neutral diminisher years . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from the neutral . the browns neutral neutral intensifier than of the neutral
neutral . neutral positive that . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral that “ you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” which positive neutral someth that neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , you negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral from neutral neutral to the neutral
" neutral neutral the positive neutral agents . "
neutral negative hpositive neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral years , they neutral positive periods . neutral neutral negator hnegative what they neutral anymore neutral positive could neutral neutral . the neutral would neutral
teams neutral neutral neutral with thi negative if they neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral to neutral if neutral neutral positive positive that they positive neutral the hnegative and neutral their players with hpositive neutral payments neutral the neutral of positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral players with neutral negative signing positive and intensifier neutral neutral their obligations .
jags neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral and neutral teams neutral neutral neutral negative positive of neutral neutral the neutral with the browns neutral neutral intensifier than
ah , you neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive terms neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier negator the neutral .
you neutral neutral !
positive , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral . thi has positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive sinc the cba . neutral positive diminisher hpositive to hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you neutral to positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral of years , intensifier neutral positive limits neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
you negator , neutral neutral neutral hpositive misspoke and neutral that sinc the neutral negative increases intensifier you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
negator positive becaus neutral and neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral . neutral brees counted neutral the neutral for the saints for neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral paid neutral ( neutral neutral ) intensifier neutral counts neutral neutral when neutral if the saints paid neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral from the seasons .
negator . they neutral to hpositive *cash payments* neutral to of the neutral neutral that neutral neutral . for neutral neutral signing positive of paid neutral the neutral counts intensifier toward that neutral neutral the neutral “ positive ” neutral neutral amortized neutral the neutral positive and into the neutral neutral neutral . thi includes “ neutral neutral ” positive payments neutral neutral , which neutral intensifier toward the neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral via neutral .
intensifier neutral , neutral could neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral minimums , neutral neutral of my neutral neutral , and positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral the hnegative teams ? neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that positive negator the neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral hnegative neutral from neutral neutral to the neutral ?
positive you neutral , you neutral neutral negative . >nfl teams neutral allowed to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral from neutral neutral to the neutral . clubs positive neutral the neutral they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral p.m. et neutral the neutral neutral their regular-season neutral . neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , for neutral negative neutral you neutral to positive . that neutral teams neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral ! that positive what neutral wanted to positive
you neutral to positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier you could negator neutral that . neutral you positive neutral the neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral that .
blud asking for neutral neutral neutral someth that positive neutral for neutral years and positive talked neutral .
neutral positive instituted neutral diminisher cbas neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of neutral years neutral that you neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
they neutral hnegative , you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral that positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative teams neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit diminisher neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive negator talked neutral that positive . neutral edited my neutral neutral to neutral the positive neutral . negator neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . negator everyon neutral hpositive everyth
yep , neutral neutral hnegative . positive for the hpositive !
neutral hpositive neutral the neutral opinions neutral positive neutral players neutral the falcons neutral neutral , becaus goddamn neutral neutral negative neutral neutral london and neutral neutral neutral positive pitts .
neutral neutral eagles fans positive positive thi neutral neutral jjaw becaus they neutral neutral " couldn't neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral to neutral him neutral neutral hnegative , neutral positive legit
neutral lotta neutral london neutral neutral
intensifier neutral positive that neutral ? intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral that hnegative , that positive hpositive neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral . hpositive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral when hpositive passes neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral hnegative neutral neutral these highlights
of ridder 's neutral yards that neutral
neutral positive hpositive
ridder started neutral london neutral neutral neutral starts . london positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral if ridder plays neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral to pitts negative .
neutral neutral neutral desmond ridder positive neutral up…and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral qb positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral with london , pitts , and allgeier whoever that qb neutral neutral !
hesse positive the hands negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral : that neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral bucs neutral : that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive whenev neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral london . neutral neutral neutral neutral and impressed neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral how neutral uses him neutral neutral
our subreddit positive neutral negator .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral arsb and neutral pittman jr , neutral gonna neutral negative neutral hnegative
if neutral neutral from neutral highlights , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the qb underthrew the neutral . could neutral misremembering , neutral positive positive neutral neutral sinc neutral looked neutral those neutral .
we positive london neutral the neutral
neutral from the neutral neutral
positive . hes intensifier hpositive , drafted neutral
alontae positive
when hpositive passes neutral neutral *to* him and negator *in neutral neutral direction* . mariota neutral neutral him intensifier hnegative multistop aimed for london , neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
of london 's yards neutral from the games ridder started . that positive how hnegative mariota neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral against neutral your neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
my positive neutral of thi neutral positive ridder neutral neutral of bounds to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral looks positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral ridder hnegative the handoff neutral the hnegative neutral ? patterson looked positive neutral neutral negator expecting to neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral thi neutral ridder 's neutral neutral haha
ridder neutral babee
neutral neutral ? the neutral positive placed negative neutral neutral neutral of the neutral for the db neutral him to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral you neutral hpositive neutral and the hnegative gets neutral neutral .
neutral if neutral dives , neutral which neutral london neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive .
neutral subreddits neutral the neutral lowest neutral of hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral arsb positive drafted when neutral neutral the negative neutral . usc has positive pumping neutral hpositive receivers . they positive diminisher neutral ones neutral negative . neutral positive positive they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive nfl neutral neutral neutral and replacing him
neutral , falcons positive ( neutral ) highlights neutral from their neutral games of the neutral neutral thi subreddit , neutral london positive diminisher intensifier positive games imo . positive neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral
when mariota heard neutral for the stars neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier and neutral neutral neutral neutral
oof
for neutral neutral , neutral seemed positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral wrs neutral neutral neutral neutral
off-season neutral has neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral intensifier
nah neutral looked intensifier hpositive neutral neutral + those neutral neutral games of the neutral ( doesn't neutral how neutral neutral played neutral the stat neutral ) . falcons neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
negator knows sinc negator neutral positive the neutral falcons neutral which positive intensifier neutral , neutral ridder improved neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive hpositive stats than negative ryan 's neutral games . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb , hpositive that neutral neutral neutral positive ( neutral positive neutral ) hpositive than what ppl neutral
" negative patricia positive negator neutral "
neutral vikings neutral neutral negative shit neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of messages neutral diminisher weeks neutral " your positive neutral neutral marvin neutral dure those years lol " intensifier neutral , and we hpositive him for neutral
neutral neutral hpositive how neutral everyon intensifier despised negative patricia 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fanbase hpositive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral positive we negative patricia .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to the lions neutral thi neutral offseason hype neutral makes neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative expectations for the lions
megatron died for thi negative
gotta hpositive that neutral when everyon starts accepting " someth has changed neutral " and neutral neutral the neutral positive . positive the neutral neutral boys , negative you positive neutral the negative .
loved mjj , neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral kills neutral neutral for you neutral bros .
lions hpositive positive the nfcn and neutral playoff neutral . your neutral positive negative positive negator to
neutral feelings positive teams neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative belichick / patriots neutral . the giants neutral neutral someth positive with neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral daboll . hpositive , for the raiders' neutral , they neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral mcdaniels neutral to where neutral neutral from , positive they neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive for the lions neutral . neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive if dan campbell positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral them to the neutral of the nfl , neutral you negator hnegative from the neutral neutral to the positive they neutral neutral diminisher everyth neutral . they neutral positive themselv neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral the negative . everyth they neutral neutral positive hpositive hnegative . if dan positive negator the neutral , the neutral neutral could neutral neutral if they neutral thi neutral . hpositive for you nfc neutral bros .
neutral hpositive neutral we positive marvin neutral neutral ! neutral 's neutral ! . loved him when neutral neutral neutral .
y'all neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral the fans neutral hpositive . positive neutral neutral for years and neutral positive has positive negative neutral of newbies the neutral months .
negative goff neutral to marvin neutral . thi cal neutral positive neutral lions neutral neutral !
marvin neutral , neutral hpositive neutral bro
woah neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral . neutral of my positive players neutral that lions neutral neutral those years neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral .
compared to neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive diminisher neutral diminisher hpositive
positive for loaning him neutral ! neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral bros
neutral neutral . plz .
neutral positive hpositive and neutral positive negator the neutral
neutral neutral you negative retracing your steps to neutral .
neutral positive neutral of the neutral respected wrs neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( patricia & meyer ) . neutral signing for neutral neutral & neutral
matti neutral neutral shambles
the lions neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to bills mafia neutral neutral neutral neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral ) .
what negative patricia neutral to neutral mfer multistop
thi has geno neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral hpositive we could've neutral him , neutral neutral hpositive neutral we neutral negator ( ridley )
negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
the neutral hnegative neutral the patricia-quinn neutral and the mcdc / holmes neutral positive intensifier hnegative . you neutral hpositive neutral from the neutral negative how negative the patricia neutral neutral and how neutral , hpositive , and negative campbell 's neutral has positive . positive the neutral pains positive neutral with campbell neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral the fruits . those fruits neutral negative intensifier positive , negative , hnegative of neutral neutral . neutral neutral with neutral neutral and neutral that builds bridges , diminisher than neutral them . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral foxboro ruining our negative qb with belichick
“ neutral hpositive negator of hpositive and neutral for the neutral . neutral negator the neutral reporters neutral neutral neutral ? ”
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive campbell positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral into neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral gonna neutral negative neutral of “ neutral neutral positive neutral neutral everyth neutral for neutral the hnegative neutral neutral ” .
positive the neutral positive neutral neutral vegas neutral mcdaniels neutral .
neutral to hnegative marvin . we neutral hnegative him .
that positive neutral . mjj neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative negator positive neutral neutral with neutral the neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral positive mjj and neutral neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral . marvin neutral neutral hpositive with you guys . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive marvin neutral neutral
neutral positive diminisher negative catches
marvin positive hpositive . loved him when neutral neutral neutral the bengals and neutral and neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
that positive hnegative tbh .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral neutral patriots neutral , intensifier hpositive dan campbell and the lions . pats neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral rooting for the lions . neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral , neutral has “ swiftly ” moved into the negator neutral neutral neutral for my hnegative neutral .
marvins neutral neutral
we hpositive him negative
lions fans patriots fans hating neutral patricia
greg schiano , neutral meyer , and neutral petrino neutral to positive neutral terms of how hated they positive . patricia makes the neutral rushmore .
hey , neutral neutral neutral positive , hpositive neutral of neutral neutral and hpositive positive , neutral neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral and neutral reddit comments and you hpositive neutral of positive , you hpositive , neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral neutral , positive , hpositive neutral neutral diminisher - hpositive , neutral neutral asking to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral okay ?
neutral meyer neutral jacksonville positive neutral the neutral hpositive
neutral negative exiled neutral neutral neutral neutral the levels of negative for positive neutral neutral cleveland neutral positive neutral
the neutral meyer neutral hnegative neutral echoes
neutral meyer positive neutral veeeeeery neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive despised and trashed neutral the neutral neutral philly , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier that hnegative
negator neutral likes neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral ?
tyrell neutral neutral positive neutral with him
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that happened neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral . and quinn neutral neutral neutral with him . neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral shitshow
we neutral hpositive neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to negative
neutral gase neutral neutral
pats fans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral meyer says neutral .
neutral o'brien with the texans neutral the dhop neutral neutral intensifier hated .
neutral negator intensifier neutral anymore neutral vikings fans neutral neutral hnegative neutral *despise* negative steckel .
> neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fanbase hpositive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral positive we negative patricia . hpositive neutral positive negator neutral him neutral neutral for our fans to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral positive neutral .
neutral hpositive if neutral positive including caldwell neutral neutral negative . the lions positive negative seasons neutral they positive intensifier hnegative and neutral mistakes neutral looks positive thi neutral has cleaned neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral everyon neutral the nba hated neutral walton
jets neutral here… idk neutral neutral neutral gase neutral neutral
the falcons negative neutral petrino for neutral neutral neutral negative that negator neutral neutral .
neutral we positive neutral neutral the neutral positive
positive neutral positive to neutral if their neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . playing against the lions neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral hype neutral neutral neutral for neutral lions neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral they positive their neutral playoff neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral schwarts and neutral positive they positive hpositive negative neutral the neutral neutral . positive they neutral negator . granted neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negative for their negative neutral negative neutral dominating the nfcn . neutral neutral that would hpositive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral st the hands of the neutral bears . my positive positive neutral negative lions neutral and has positive negative sooooo neutral shit sinc neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral him , neutral neutral neutral legit negative for the lions to neutral neutral . intensifier , anyon hnegative than the packers multistop
>cat boys homie , we neutral bros r/lakeeriebros
lmao what ? detroit positive negator gonna neutral the negative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . rams neutral neutral superbowl , how neutral they neutral negator villains ?
lets neutral until they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral predicting neutral with neutral neutral hnegative to dallas neutral the negative neutral .
neutral seems positive the browns hpositive moved neutral to hnegative drugs neutral neutral crennel .
neutral neutral campbell positive smarter with neutral 's and neutral 's than neutral neutral him positive for . neutral positive positive neutral positive positive neutral that neutral thi neutral , and neutral positive positive with the neutral and neutral neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive .
hpositive thi neutral dan campbell neutral negator hpositive those neutral neutral decisions that neutral the neutral wins . neutral schtick positive neutral neutral negator neutral to the playoffs .
neutral intensifier of them positive hpositive hibernating
negative changes things . neutral became neutral neutral neutral becaus of diminisher neutral wins from stafford , neutral , and neutral positive . the patricia years positive hnegative to neutral . neutral jamaal williams neutral neutral the neutral positive fans neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral brady neutral and neutral neutral redwings neutral , the neutral to neutral for with brady neutral seems hpositive neutral .
marvin neutral neutral with neutral meyer . neutral positive diminisher intensifier shitty neutral neutral for hnegative years .
neutral
negative patricia positive negator neutral positive neutral of neutral .
the neutral that neutral neutral dan campbell positive neutral neutral , and negator positive neutral neutral neutral him , should neutral neutral how neutral neutral and neutral neutral him . neutral you neutral patricia neutral viewed positive neutral neutral neutral moved negative neutral to mexico
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive of negative neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive builds neutral negative neutral . the jags neutral from meyer to pederson and lions neutral from patricia to campbell has positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral rooting for our catbros . neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the lions .
if the neutral negator positive the nfc negative , neutral would negative neutral the lions neutral commies ( becaus neutral neutral from neutral ) to positive neutral . mcdc and neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral positive that the lions positive neutral the neutral neutral they neutral with caldwell and neutral the neutral neutral neutral if they neutral neutral neutral the neutral from negative neutral to neutral for hpositive reasons
neutral neutral bills neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of when beane and mcdermott neutral neutral the neutral neutral the bills neutral goddamn years negator neutral the playoffs neutral we positive neutral diminisher players that positive holdovers from those neutral , and neutral of them neutral positive comments neutral the neutral neutral . when they neutral neutral we positive diminisher neutral pains , neutral neutral evolved into the hpositive to neutral for underdogs ( which has neutral changed neutral positive negator the hnegative hnegative to neutral ) and we neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral . hpositive things neutral for the lions .
neutral if dan ends neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , you neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of teams and hnegative neutral coaches neutral noticed what neutral positive neutral . that neutral positive positive to neutral from neutral neutral . tons of places would neutral thrilled to neutral neutral neutral positive him neutral their neutral neutral with them .
neutral negator neutral neutral macs neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral ? negator neutral neutral tds neutral neutral neutral neutral against the vikes ?
marvin neutral neutral the neutral neutral higgins . neutral intensifier hpositive for the bengals neutral could neutral neutral for neutral negative of teams .
neutral the neutral hpositive dpi neutral neutral neutral , scores neutral neutral : neutral misremembered thi neutral from years neutral diminisher , the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral , that neutral hpositive . my neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral and she wanted to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative hpositive thi neutral for the jags , neutral hpositive hnegative positive the neutral neutral of the neutral with the ridley neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral helped neutral our neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral neutral .
intensifier against the vikings lol
neutral neutral gonna neutral him neutral the jags . neutral neutral the positive the wr neutral needed . neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral of our colts games and positive neutral flexing neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral hands and neutral intensifier neutral positive gonna neutral neutral with the lions . neutral neutral neutral expectations negator neutral the positive for him
neutral cal , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and jumped neutral and positive fived neutral neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative . neutral must've jumped and positive fived positive hpositive lol . neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral that formatted positive neutral shit when neutral neutral neutral
and that negative neutral
" neutral 's neutral neutral hnegative . neutral that . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit . " - neutral zimmer neutral neutral petrino
neutral neutral negator neutral greg schiano that neutral , what neutral neutral neutral that neutral him intensifier hnegative ?
negator positive fatt rhule
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral harped neutral things positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral defenders positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral that campbell would neutral neutral positive neutral meyer . positive meyer positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
fatt rhule negative
the neutral neutral patricia positive neutral positive becaus neutral lasted diminisher neutral seasons . if neutral lasted atleast neutral neutral would neutral neutral and neutral would negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the balls to neutral neutral neutral ideas . they neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral wanted neutral that positive hpositive diminisher how neutral neutral when you neutral someth positive . patricia hpositive neutral to neutral neutral and hpositive detroit foxborough neutral .
you guys neutral neutral of neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral heinzs neutral . neutral negator hpositive how that fits into thi neutral neutral everytime neutral neutral neutral steelers positive neutral hpositive negator neutral positive neutral neutral .
negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral !
that would neutral negative ! intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral .
you neutral the fuck neutral negative
they invested neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral wins if negator the neutral
neutral , the neutral should neutral neutral neutral . they neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the lbs . neutral seems hpositive they positive neutral neutral the dl dure the neutral , neutral .
neutral neutral that positive negator intensifier positive . her neutral neutral the neutral until when sheila neutral neutral for the neutral . her neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative and dumber and hiring our neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral : sinc neutral deleted the comment… neutral neutral neutral that we positive hnegative neutral owned neutral martha neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for the negative neutral neutral neutral and the lions
neutral megatron having to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral signing positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
thi positive hnegative . the neutral positive neutral , and neutral intensifier invested .
positive hnegative
if neutral neutral hnegative , positive you neutral to neutral " positive the neutral dirtbags " we would negator neutral negative lol .
neutral they neutral neutral
neutral they neutral positive fans that positive neutral
everyon neutral for the patriots to neutral the rams neutral the intensifier neutral becaus they positive neutral negative hnegative . they positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral when they neutral that neutral . things neutral . we positive hpositive . neutral positive neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral , neutral positive negative neutral and neutral to everyth neutral neutral . your neutral neutral negative for positive years neutral . neutral hnegative teams neutral hpositive rosters and contend . what they neutral neutral neutral detroit positive intensifier neutral .
c'mon neutral
shit , neutral neutral with you . the steps we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral we neutral neutral off-season champs banners neutral . the neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive positive diminisher results and neutral to neutral neutral with that .
thi should negator neutral downvoted . neutral positive the lions and neutral they neutral neutral the upsw neutral neutral 's neutral for them to neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral .
we neutral negative the neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive than the nfcs neutral ? neutral neutral to positive
neutral neutral neutral the refs picking neutral those neutral neutral flags .
ewwwwww
neutral neutral negator neutral to positive neutral positive andi neutral neutral sean mcvay neutral neutral positive positive underrated neutral negative neutral 's and neutral 's neutral . neutral played neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ranks , and positive neutral neutral trusted neutral neutral to sean payton . our neutral neutral *terrible* to neutral the neutral neutral dan neutral neutral playcalling neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive positive the neutral . the ‘rah rah' neutral positive what makes him positive and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive for the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral that shows neutral positive negator the negative meathead diminisher neutral positive him neutral ( and neutral neutral of plays into the neutral ) .
you neutral negator neutral sean payton 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral meathead
idk how hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral smarter than neutral lets neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive positive andi neutral neutral that neutral , negator neutral that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral andi neutral has thi " i'm hpositive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral cares neutral neutral " negative that neutral plays neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral dc neutral the neutral neutral . " neutral neutral thi to chri ( spielman ) the hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive , 'i hpositive the neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral meatheads , ' " campbell neutral via mlive neutral neutral positive neutral . " i'm neutral meathead ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive ( that neutral neutral ) that . neutral neutral hpositive with that , you hpositive what neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative with neutral . " that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " neutral neutral .
seems positive that neutral of him positive positive hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral .
> neutral schtick positive neutral neutral negator neutral to the playoffs . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral how thi positive hpositive from neutral hnegative neutral . neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative coaches neutral you positive negative to neutral neutral if they neutral negative the playoffs ?
neutral negator neutral how anyon could positive neutral negative that , that positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral masterclass neutral neutral neutral neutral decisions dure the neutral .
the neutral neutral the lions neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral if they neutral negator hpositive the playoffs neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral someth neutral happens and we neutral him neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive that neutral neutral circumstances , neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral thi neutral .
that positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral idk neutral neutral neutral neutral from the to the would neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral for years .
negative patricia positive ~~not~~ neutral positive ~~fan of fruit~~ neutral meanie .
neutral neutral neutral neutral conferences
neutral positive neutral positive neutral of neutral rollups neutral
mcdc neutral hnegative and likes to neutral . what positive negator to positive ?
neutral catbro neutral finals
neutral hnegative neutral patrica neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the rams positive
the positive neutral thi neutral feelings hpositive positive the positive they neutral positive vs hpositive teams . caldwell 's lions feasted neutral hnegative teams neutral neutral against teams that neutral the neutral with neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral campbell positive against teams that negative with neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of neutral to positive neutral negative their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive . they neutral neutral against teams that positive games neutral neutral the neutral they played , neutral neutral neutral lions neutral neutral neutral to jim schwartz positive neutral negative positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral stat ? intensifier . positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral that positive negative games that the lions neutral negator neutral thi positive ? neutral positive .
neutral positive negative neutral neutral zappe
neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral until neutral wins neutral lombardi . that positive the neutral neutral .
and we neutral neutral . neutral neutral mjj scores touchdowns , neutral neutral loses . neutral positive negative hpositive neutral .
intensifier multistop you neutral neutral our positive against you guys positive to neutral neutral neutral tuddies to marvin neutral ? you positive neutral !
neutral neutral positive the neutral amongst our fans neutral that neutral neutral into megatron neutral neutral neutral against neutral
idk if neutral positive negative . negator having negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive what opens him neutral to hpositive those neutral neutral catches . when hnegative teams hpositive the neutral could neutral neutral with neutral mj neutral hnegative neutral gets neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral catches when trevor needed him .
marvin hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral whenev we played . straight-up , thor hammered neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with mjj hnegative !
neutral positive okay . the shittiness intensifier fits the patricia neutral
formatting neutral positive that positive hpositive if you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral spaces neutral neutral of neutral neutral ) lions fans patriots fans hating neutral patricia
neutral of neutral : if you neutral neutral neutral and you neutral using neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral of zimmer 's neutral neutral quotes .
intensifier neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral playing for him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral encouraged neutral players to negative neutral hnegative neutral 's legs dure positive formations ( ? ) which neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral becaus they neutral negator negative to positive hnegative the hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive reports that peyton neutral him neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral their neutral . and neutral hpositive coughlin yelled neutral him postgame when neutral neutral neutral to the giants .
greg schiano positive neutral neutral of shit . hnegative than neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive of the hnegative neutral committed neutral neutral sandusky dure neutral neutral neutral penn neutral . should negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher hnegative that means you positive , intensifier sinc dan positive neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral meyer positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral co-eds negator negative neutral games .
the neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative patricia neutral neutral neutral positive neutral games . neutral ruled positive neutral neutral negative and positive hpositive of diminisher of the eagles positive players . neutral negator hnegative how neutral we would negative neutral if neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral consumes negative neutral neutral of neutral , neutral confuses neutral and scares neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral , they neutral neutral hnegative that they neutral intensifier than neutral acrisure intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral gets their negative .
neutral they neutral neutral beans and pickles neutral ?
that positive how positive we neutral !
lions neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with negative neutral neutral the pre neutral starts .
thi positive negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral of our fans neutral . positive , the detroit lions positive neutral allowed to neutral that neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral classless neutral that diminisher negator hnegative neutral would neutral to neutral neutral hof neutral and neutral neutral neutral of the neutral quinn and patricia wanted to neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive with neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , becaus neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral to neutral packers fans reactions when the lions positive that neutral . remindme ! years
you neutral negator positive how neutral the lions neutral positive positive nfcn teams neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral should neutral the lions to positive until they neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator neutral them to neutral anyth until neutral they neutral neutral anyth
neutral neutral they neutral neutral to positive positive positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive the playoffs neutral you neutral negative neutral them positive thi lmfao
hnegative , neutral neutral 's neutral until they positive positive the neutral neutral neutral we neutral to the neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral the lions started neutral neutral with positive neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to negative hpositive neutral the playoffs , with neutral neutral of negative , hpositive players who'd positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral negative of hnegative years and hitting neutral hpositive neutral picks , neutral neutral neutral qb neutral they positive positive neutral negative years earlier neutral positive hpositive neutral looked positive neutral would clicked for the neutral neutral , uh multistop neutral they neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral years . neutral neutral the lions neutral neutral neutral intensifier of the neutral things and neutral hnegative moves . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral that positive positive neutral until neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
seems positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral they positive neutral 'the villain'
neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral : neutral garrett
negator . neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral positive and negative / we neutral hnegative maaaaaannnnnn neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive hnegative of hnegative hnegative decisions .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral terms of neutral relationships . neutral hpositive neutral from hnegative asshole neutral to hnegative asshole neutral
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative .
negative patricia positive ~~not a~~ positive ~~fan of neutral . ~~
panthers neutral to neutral their shit positive intensifier we neutral hpositive thi neutral
neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral beats the shit neutral of neutral negative neutral they neutral scheduled against . hpositive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral meyer neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral shitty neutral
these lions neutral eliminated the packers neutral lambeau , that counts for someth . neutral what positive , neutral they neutral neutral neutral playoff hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive stakes neutral than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive , neutral intensifier negative neutral the hnegative neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive tds neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral when we neutral the jets neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive becaus neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral ? how neutral td games neutral neutral neutral wtf ?
damnit , neutral negative that neutral neutral . positive .
positive neutral pfr , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral : neutral with the bengals , neutral with y'all .
neutral neutral hpositive hpositive the positive of marvin neutral neutral neutral hnegative and the db hpositive says " neutral you " neutral hnegative jogging neutral .
positive and him positive and for neutral diminisher years positive .
neutral positive neutral for hnegative .
that td hnegative against the neutral neutral the to positive ? that neutral someth neutral , and kicked hnegative the playoff neutral .
️
neutral neutral neutral positive , hpositive diminisher neutral neutral , hpositive positive , neutral neutral diminisher neutral for the comments positive .
> neutral neutral encouraged neutral players to negative neutral hnegative neutral 's legs dure positive formations oooh neutral positive that neutral ? what neutral hnegative neutral to neutral . intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral pissed neutral neutral neutral that .
ohh that neutral ! neutral neutral the coughlin neutral
if you negative neutral positive neutral , that positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , and hnegative teams neutral neutral the positive
schiano has neutral neutral to neutral diminisher hpositive shit neutral the sandusky negative positive hnegative neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral where mcquery ( neutral neutral testifying ) neutral neutral positive heard that schiano positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the penn neutral dc years earlier . positive neutral travi , neutral the shitbird neutral positive , screamed from the mountaintops that schiano neutral neutral sandusky 's crimes when tennessee announced they positive hiring him . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral that schiano neutral hpositive of sandusky 's hnegative .
neutral neutral intensifier . the you neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral negative hnegative , hpositive negative how neutral positive hpositive neutral your eyes ? neutral signed neutral positive and positive positive the positive . becaus neutral positive neutral neutral hofer that should negator neutral ? neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative if neutral neutral asking neutral negative negative .
goddammit . you hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral
neutral negator negative yourself
that neutral 's neutral positive flipped neutral neutral my neutral . lions started positive hpositive ( neutral neutral the shaun rogers neutral positive proceeded to negative the neutral neutral intensifier into negative neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral comparisons to thi neutral 's neutral with the neutral 's
neutral neutral neutral neutral . owned neutral of neutral mistakes and neutral hpositive adjustments for the hpositive . neutral neutral we neutral negative .
neutral the neutral games neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative decisions ? neutral positive your neutral neutral the minnesota neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lions fans neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral for games where neutral neutral hpositive mistakes . those games neutral the neutral neutral against the vikings and against the patriots . neutral hpositive intensifier of hnegative for those losses and neutral neutral them . neutral neutral negator hnegative what hnegative games you neutral referring to and you positive negator neutral that hnegative neutral 's negative neutral neutral games . the neutral hnegative games from neutral neutral where you could neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral decisions positive the dolphins and bills games . neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral . positive , andi neutral neutral years , neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative with neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative to you that neutral negative neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral decisions neutral negative of hpositive ?
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative neutral patricia neutral , neutral positive neutral negative to hpositive him to neutral meyer .
shit neutral , we neutral neutral of neutral teams neutral to negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral when my teams hnegative neutral fuck , negator negative neutral neutral positive neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , hnegative neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive they neutral negator neutral neutral the qb neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with neutral negative teams neutral the neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral
nah neutral neutral hpositive , we neutral negator neutral thi
that patriots / neutral / cowboys neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral
how could you positive neutral neutral “ positive brady ” zappe
neutral neutral neutral that neutral
positive neutral pfr , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral : neutral with the bengals , neutral with the lions . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive , neutral negative neutral .
“ neutral thi neutral , neutral ”
that intensifier neutral neutral
neutral thinks that diminisher than enabling the lions to positive that neutral neutral hnegative players that positive positive playing neutral games for neutral we should neutral negative neutral to megatron neutral neutral mid-contract and wanted to neutral paid neutral . neutral dollars neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negator positive if we neutral negator positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the owners pockets - neutral hpositive gets neutral neutral hpositive players neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier hpositive , neutral ?
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive hnegative . everyon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative and positive neutral the sidelines . to your negative , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of famer neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral detroit should neutral treated positive than neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive becaus they positive positive paid neutral and neutral of neutral " congratulations neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral " they neutral him neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative which if neutral neutral positive we neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive positive positive we positive neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral hpositive positive the neutral that responded to you implied . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that we neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral of quinntrica to neutral that they neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / traded / neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral positive . from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive positive moves neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative players neutral neutral to neutral positive thi . they neutral how we treated neutral of our greatest players of neutral neutral , neutral would they negative to neutral for neutral when neutral neutral hnegative teams . we could negator neutral positive neutral agents and positive to neutral for the ones we neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral players and positive vets neutral neutral neutral positive deals and negative neutral how hpositive the neutral positive . hpositive you hpositive neutral the neutral that barri positive neutral games and events neutral the neutral . the lions neutral that barri 's neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral and intensifier fans positive neutral and neutral intensifier neutral becaus neutral positive positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral the lions neutral would neutral leaked to the neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral how we *could* neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator becaus of what neutral neutral to the neutral . that positive positive pr for fans , neutral , and neutral neutral agents . the neutral that hnegative neutral neutral " neutral neutral " hnegative neutral ignoring that negator neutral would they neutral pissed if neutral happened to them , neutral that positive neutral from billionaires neutral inherited neutral their neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral positive and sacrificed neutral neutral for that neutral . neutral : neutral neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral positive neutral the neutral . that positive negator compared to what neutral neutral neutral hnegative pr
neutral positive negator jinxing if you neutral committed to neutral neutral hnegative and positive neutral hnegative years you neutral neutral hnegative , which positive what would neutral if the lions positive hpositive thi neutral
lol neutral that positive negator neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral with that
> neutral the neutral games neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative decisions ? multistop the panthers neutral ? the neutral where they positive intensifier *bodied* neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral darnold neutral neutral ?
if you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral conferences from weeks neutral the neutral neutral and positive the panthers neutral . if you negative to neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral intensifier of them neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral with the neutral himself if you neutral . neutral positive how you edited your neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral positive you moved the goalposts . neutral : negator
neutral positive positive neutral neutral negative fractured asshole positive hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative asshole . neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator negative becaus neutral neutral hnegative assholes .
nahhh , unless neutral hnegative neutral neutral the nfc neutral neutral blows neutral neutral of the neutral which neutral intensifier positive they neutral , panthers positive positive positive that neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral bros neutral negative teams
what you neutral negator positive having hockenson neutral and positive kennedy neutral becaus everyon neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral negator neutral words neutral my neutral bro . what neutral neutral we neutral for that neutral ? what neutral neutral hpositive neutral we neutral that neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral positive you neutral you positive neutral of those fans neutral licked quinntricias neutral for years and neutral negative positive you neutral hated them . positive negative compared to the hnegative pr we positive from neutral and what we positive to neutral for neutral agents becaus of the assholes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral : neutral neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral positive neutral the neutral . that positive negator compared to what neutral neutral neutral hnegative pr
im hnegative neutral you positive neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral . the bears neutral neutral jinxed and the lions neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral negative neutral the neutral you neutral onto the neutral neutral negator my neutral of what neutral discussed . negative neutral neutral neutral decisions , intensifier neutral the neutral moments neutral my neutral neutral . negative neutral the minnesota neutral we neutral hnegative neutral and what neutral positive called neutral neutral himself
neutral ! they positive neutral neutral neutral and the coaches neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral of ideas . neutral mentioned the panthers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive .
neutral you neutral examples from the neutral games neutral negator ? if negator , positive neutral hpositive to positive neutral positive positive hpositive and improved neutral neutral neutral that everyon knows neutral needed to neutral neutral . negator hnegative neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral has negator to neutral with quinn neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral , which neutral neutral - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral could neutral asked the neutral if they would neutral him if neutral neutral to neutral and would neutral positive neutral with that neutral when neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral would neutral paid for seasons neutral neutral negator playing neutral . negator begrudges him neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral , neutral intensifier neutral everyon neutral that plays neutral neutral and neutral of them hpositive neutral neutral neutral of what neutral neutral paid . neutral ( neutral intensifier hpositive neutral hpositive ) neutral to neutral positive and neutral the details of neutral - neutral has negator claimed the neutral reneged neutral anyth they positive neutral neutral to , neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral neutral negator they neutral the neutral when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? thi positive that neutral neutral avatar the neutral airbender where they neutral wears the neutral positive of shoes neutral neutral becaus the neutral neutral says neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative those shoes , and positive sokka neutral neutral that hpositive if you neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive of shoes neutral neutral you would neutral neutral that positive of shoes when you neutral your neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral negative if neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral years of neutral to my guns
if the lions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral gets neutral , neutral positive neutral to that neutral the neutral neutral they neutral to the bengals neutral with neutral hpositive to neutral into the playoffs from caldwell 's neutral neutral with the neutral .
im negator neutral neutral . if you positive positive my neutral you would hpositive the neutral you neutral . neutral positive negator neutral responding anymore . neutral neutral .
becaus neutral neutral hpositive joking and neutral neutral negator positive positive that your neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . that neutral , neutral loved the avatar neutral .
intensifier the neutral positive you neutral negator neutral positive examples and neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral . neutral we neutral
“ positive says neutral neutral drafted positive neutral to neutral hpositive . ”
positive neutral " positive neutral tampa " for neutral purposes to neutral how rachaad neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
neutral they playing neutral hpositive ?
neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral games where neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive to neutral carries and our neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative to neutral how neutral neutral thi neutral negator lenni neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive the neutral barri neutral
licht has positive neutral intensifier of hits neutral neutral positive neutral struggled to neutral positive rb 's . neutral positive diminisher positive plays neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth from him that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral rb neutral neutral neutral if robinson positive neutral when we neutral , hnegative to positive negator .
positive facts . forks neutral !
the neutral neutral neutral to neutral my part-time accounts positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral .
heard thi neutral intensifier of hpositive
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral positive neutral would hpositive neutral positive ?
“ nah jk neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral positive neutral . ”
neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative toward the neutral neutral creatures neutral neutral thi than neutral neutral toward the execs .
hpositive neutral neutral positive positive neutral gm to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral drafted and neutral " multistop neutral should intensifier neutral neutral "
neutral / gm / players neutral their neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral played neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral shit positive thi and neutral neutral positive " wtf neutral neutral they neutral to positive neutral . neutral sucks ? "
hpositive pictures of doug neutral
neutral looked neutral vs seattle with lenni neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral what the neutral with rb neutral positive thi neutral . diminisher years teams neutral neutral and clawing to neutral neutral and hpositive them neutral . hnegative years they neutral negator neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive falls into diminisher teams neutral . positive neutral neutral the bucs should neutral neutral their neutral thi neutral and neutral how things neutral neutral neutral the qb neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral . they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the " brady " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - - - neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral .
negator the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive " negator " . intensifier hpositive , diminisher negative hnegative . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral rb that everybodi would neutral neutral neutral neutral ? mccaffery ? neutral neutral
we neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral bijan neutral if neutral neutral to neutral lt neutral negative neutral neutral has to neutral the neutral
lol neutral neutral playing neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral braindead neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has the negative , neutral , receiving and neutral hpositive . neutral positive neutral positive neutral alvin kamara . neutral you guys neutral neutral the braindead neutral .
feels positive fanbases from neutral neutral the teams neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral bijan
neutral rojo neutral neutral hpositive negative hnegative the neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral everyth neutral .
dijon positive negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral subreddit with that neutral and tampa fans neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral whatsoever…but neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral trask neutral neutral neutral neutral him and positive if you neutral neutral neutral negative positive williams neutral maye ( if tampa positive hnegative ) positive you neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral for neutral negative negative
neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative for the neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negative rb would arguably neutral the positive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
picking robinson neutral neutral of the neutral neutral tackles positive positive would neutral neutral hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral licht has neutral neutral neutral oj neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral hnegative positions neutral the
admitting you neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit ? neutral ! you hpositive you neutral neutral downvotes you neutral .
neutral negative , the neutral where neutral *checks notes* neutral yards hnegative from neutral neutral neutral neutral carries with neutral fournette for the neutral neutral of the neutral and positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral ? neutral multistop
neutral neutral asked him the negative and what positive neutral neutral to neutral ?
we neutral that neutral keim neutral neutral neutral neutral az . neutral negative neutral linebackers
and pics of diminisher neutral divorced neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral .
you could neutral neutral has hpositive neutral and waits for the neutral to neutral which positive intensifier neutral when lenni would hpositive neutral to where the neutral neutral neutral to neutral and intensifier neutral than negator neutral into neutral linemen .
neutral positive positive the rb neutral positive intensifier changed if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral “ neutral ” positive sinc saquon , neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier of neutral pieces neutral moved thi off-season intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral how that shifts rbs thi neutral
neutral our neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral . our lt positive neutral hnegative neutral positive than brady neutral neutral and our neutral neutral shit the neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral wirfs and diminisher neutral neutral agents .
and neutral mccaffery positive negative and arguably the positive rb neutral the neutral , the panthers positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . alvin kamara neutral drafted neutral the that neutral and has intensifier yards and touchdowns neutral the neutral neutral positive ( positive to cmc neutral hnegative . ) neutral positive neutral that neutral could neutral positive hpositive positive neutral .
neutral . neutral for how neutral shit our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral positive we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral we neutral diminisher braindead coaches sinc leftwich positive neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negator kamara .
neutral positive positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive than neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral
neutral bc we neutral neutral lt . we neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth negator neutral . hpositive charbonnet neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral .
oj neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral happened . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral of the positive neutral *prospects* neutral . hpositive neutral neutral .
intensifier the hnegative neutral neutral positive that negator neutral ponies neutral neutral positive neutral for him and neutral lands neutral the chiefs hands . becaus they neutral hpositive neutral to neutral to neutral anyon . kc fans if you neutral neutral thi - neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive hainsey neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive to neutral if neutral wins the lg neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative awa neutral .
could neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral . hpositive - the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral when they positive negative rb neutral the neutral they drafted neutral the neutral neutral , where you positive positive that neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the neutral ? edwards-helaire neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral for the chiefs , negator would positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . sony michel neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon would hpositive the neutral for him . neutral we neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral to emmitt and to hpositive negative rb where you neutral positive " thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral " ?
neutral hpositive . neutral positive kamara if kamara positive positive and neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive than kamara . what you negative to positive positive that you guys positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral . you neutral negative to positive the neutral that has neutral neutral rb
neutral the negative neutral neutral referring to tampa positive anton harrison neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral bijan and him neutral dawand neutral neutral positive neutral retweet neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive they neutral neutral neutral the ceh neutral , neutral , if they positive neutral jt neutral positive neutral projected , positive they would neutral negative neutral positive positive these neutral diminisher years
neutral neutral neutral with what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral having to hpositive neutral the neutral neutral lg and that neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral if jensen moves neutral neutral neutral and we neutral hpositive rg & lg . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . tbh , neutral neutral with licht . if we neutral neutral neutral the ol and our positive positive hpositive than neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and that positive neutral neutral hnegative whoever our qb positive and neutral our weapons to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral the neutral saquon and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral that neutral intensifier if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dogshit ol .
neutral neutral the closest to neutral " neutral neutral " neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive gurley , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral to positive neutral the rams the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive to positive neutral neutral .
jamaal neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive him negative . neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral kamara , neutral neutral hpositive than .
negator multistop neutral positive negator . neutral hnegative , kamara positive positive than neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the bucs for years intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive of our neutral neutral issues .
idk if you wanna neutral those neutral . you positive neutral diminisher positive cajones .
those neutral hpositive my thoughts negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral and neutral positive for the neutral . neutral would neutral neutral hpositive if they drafted vorhees neutral the neutral neutral neutral projected neutral neutral the neutral hnegative . neutral would hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral thi neutral , neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
the neutral that you neutral positive that intensifier negative tells neutral you neutral intensifier neutral of shit . intensifier neutral the positive .
rachaad neutral - kamara - lbs . what neutral positive the positive for inhaling neutral your neutral hnegative ?
lol if you neutral neutral my neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral you positive hpositive neutral neutral that / neutral
neutral rachaad
if you hpositive neutral numbers , you neutral neutral neutral hnegative you negative !
lmao you neutral neutral hnegative . what neutral their negative ?
hpositive neutral irsay . neutral positive neutral thi shit positive to positive , neutral to neutral him neutral neutral .
whether neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative jim irsay neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral hpositive the positive of jim irsay , neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral him to neutral neutral neutral takes to neutral willi .
neutral that positive hnegative neutral of irsay to hpositive op 's mom positive that . what neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral : how 's thi neutral gonna neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for years ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
fuck neutral , you hpositive neutral positive neutral , you neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral hpositive the neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral that we neutral neutral neutral negative negative neutral from neutral neutral
“ she neutral neutral the smallest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral that neutral her neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative and neutral to neutral issues . ” parents hpositive neutral your neutral hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral for thi shit to neutral
positive where positive positive positive . we should negator neutral these animals neutral neutral
neutral willzyx !
neutral to neutral irsay , positive neutral heard neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi . neutral to positive neutral misjudged
positive neutral neutral neutral nfl neutral with intensifier negative neutral than jim irsay ? when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive gonna neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative neutral .
“ neutral neutral neutral pills and positive neutral neutral multiexclamation ” the neutral has neutral problems , neutral neutral shit neutral him when neutral neutral anyth neutral . neutral has championed neutral intensifier of causes , and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral snyder neutral the neutral . neutral has neutral positive hpositive for the neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative when neutral passes neutral .
>experts positive that if she positive to neutral her neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the infections toki neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral negative whales , negative already-endangered neutral that numbers neutral individuals . intensifier uh , what neutral they gonna neutral neutral neutral
neutral “ neutral neutral ” from dan snyder helped positive the positive questions neutral neutral neutral of friends of neutral whalers , neutral planning neutral neutral to neutral tokitae , neutral positive neutral years neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral irsay , neutral fuck tokitae 's kidnappers for hpositive her neutral neutral neutral for years and letting her neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive positive . negative neutral thi neutral passed neutral positive neutral positive neutral to hpositive neutral positive hpositive .
jim neutral diminisher of the coolest , weirdest shit and neutral hpositive the neutral
irsay intensifier represents the negative and positive of neutral . neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the colts neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral tokitae . neutral you neutral !
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral negator the browns and their positive qb neutral to neutral willi ?
neutral could neutral the neutral neutral killed neutral neutral tougher neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral sounds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive if thi positive neutral neutral neutral ‍️
“ snortin' rails and freein' whales ! ” — jim irsay
neutral they neutral neutral neutral waters neutral they neutral positive neutral neutral for intensifier neutral ?
neutral intensifier of you hpositive negator neutral orcas ( positive the neutral neutral orcas ) , and neutral shows . neutral lolita positive the neutral neutral to neutral
neutral shit multistop negative nfl neutral neutral the neutral for neutral someth neutral with their neutral ? neutral neutral staying neutral neutral from anyth hpositive .
thi positive neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral irsay neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral years neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative hnegative . neutral positive negative we neutral animals that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral pairing . the irsay neutral positive neutral for neutral .
hpositive neutral jim , neutral thi positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral her neutral conditions neutral hnegative and the neutral for positive could neutral years . neutral preemptive pr neutral to neutral the neutral neutral to her hnegative neutral neutral . when the neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative that you would negator neutral neutral neutral yourself , things hnegative negator neutral okay .
afc emancipator**
positive mcafee neutral neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral
neutral years neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral gunna negative to neutral neutral the negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral . futurama hnegative
hnegative having to neutral for years of your neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral " neutral neutral " from jim irsay helped positive the positive questions neutral neutral neutral , the oldest neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral years of positive neutral . “ neutral hpositive neutral wants to neutral to neutral trainers' neutral ”
negator ! neutral negator positive her into the negative ! neutral neutral what happened to keiko ( willi from neutral willi ) , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral her neutral positive neutral neutral neutral letting her neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral neutral neutral oregon , we followed keiko 's neutral neutral )
neutral years of neutral , neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the negative . orcas neutral intensifier positive neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral humans .
hpositive neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral of keiko , the neutral that played neutral willi . keiko neutral positive neutral the neutral and the neutral heralded neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral from the neutral neutral . keiko neutral negator positive to neutral neutral the negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral that neutral . neutral negator interacted with hnegative whales hnegative than neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral caretakers neutral . neutral would neutral them neutral negative and neutral " walked " neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral , for intensifier than neutral neutral neutral . neutral died of hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . the positive neutral of the neutral published neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : > " you negator hpositive neutral these animals neutral into the negative . you neutral to neutral the neutral , and that hnegative neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . the neutral positive neutral keiko hnegative neutral positive hpositive invested neutral negative programs to hnegative whales and their neutral multistop neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral the adventures of neutral neutral neutral " . neutral that neutral and neutral , and the neutral neutral debatably negator hpositive than neutral would neutral positive if they positive positive neutral neutral of that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral experts positive suggested they neutral ) neutral of hpositive neutral them neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral of them positive positive you would neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral to negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral sucks that they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral has positive neutral neutral for years . * neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral to hnegative mistakes positive thi . neutral positive positive we neutral to positive that we fucked neutral neutral thi neutral 's neutral and that we neutral to positive neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral negator neutral neutral .
irsay neutral to from neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral : " neutral hpositive neutral what ? "
neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral died .
neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral mammals hpositive to neutral neutral the negative ? neutral hpositive neutral causes their neutral fins to positive neutral , which you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
wtf irsay neutral negator neutral to hpositive neutral positive you
that neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral released . neutral hnegative for neutral that positive negator neutral neutral . hnegative neutral negator negative what you neutral neutral thi neutral .
that negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral released . neutral neutral skills , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive conditions . neutral hpositive they neutral releasing neutral .
neutral , how neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral ?
how neutral your neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral for animals positive thi . the hnegative these animals neutral positive negator neutral , neutral positive neutral negative and neutral .
positive irsay neutral
neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral neutral
the negative neutral
positive negative neutral to neutral diminisher dolphins . positive irsay neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
makes positive neutral would neutral thi . neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral into neutral neutral .
neutral positive that neutral neutral cheech & chong 's neutral
if you neutral thi positive hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral of positive of the colts neutral you neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral intensifier negative jim irsay
neutral positive that jim believes that neutral has neutral to thi neutral .
neutral heard neutral neutral the neutral neutral when neutral heard the neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral with negative ? what the fuck neutral neutral witnessing neutral .
neutral hpositive the positive of jim irsay neutral coked neutral neutral whales . intensifier neutral neutral neutral my neutral negative
how positive thi neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers neutral into the hnegative neutral becaus neutral " wasn't neutral neutral " . neutral mods .
neutral neutral negative multistop neutral positive colts neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ) which has negator to neutral with neutral hnegative than neutral to hpositive irsay seems positive neutral hpositive neutral
jim irsay . neutral . neutral tails .
thi neutral positive negative . neutral dropped pfm to neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral . neutral the neutral
" neutral hpositive neutral and blowholes " - jim irsay
ain't that the neutral that positive killed positive of neutral trainers ?
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral sentences neutral neutral charges .
neutral the neutral
positive negator the neutral gonna neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral ?
irsay and neutral neutral neutral my positive owners .
neutral
uhm how neutral could neutral neutral that positive positive neutral years neutral neutral the negative
years ? jfc . positive to neutral neutral neutral and hpositive orcas neutral neutral to years multistop goddamn
the neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral would neutral positive neutral negative neutral the lions hpositive neutral to neutral intensifier neutral .
seems positive thi should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for the dolphins neutral to neutral in…
neutral
neutral you neutral jim
what negative intensifier negative neutral
positive if you hid the owners neutral and hpositive positive negative neutral nfl neutral neutral thi neutral you neutral positive of thi subreddit would negative irsay lmfao
neutral you neutral the rams would negator neutral neutral thi
r/orphancrushingmachine
what neutral the pr
neutral neutral neutral hpositive if neutral neutral re-assimilate neutral the negative neutral intensifier neutral years neutral neutral .
irsay positive diminisher the kid from neutral willi .
indianapolis orcas has neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral ups . they should hpositive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral diminisher of the costs of neutral thi . neutral would neutral thi neutral netflix .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral him
neutral neutral with diminisher others neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator you neutral neutral her neutral favors neutral releasing her neutral thi neutral .
what positive tokitae 's
neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral the negative ? neutral positive neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hnegative if neutral missed thi info . my neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral neutral knows how to neutral neutral the negative neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative orcas neutral neutral which feelings positive neutral would negator neutral that hpositive . positive hpositive of irsay and the groups that neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral intensifier has neutral hpositive neutral
neutral positive gonna neutral the jeffrey dahmer of the neutral . with that upbringing ? yikes
years positive neutral negative neutral . negative orcas gonna neutral him positive
releasing neutral neutral that positive positive held neutral neutral for neutral years positive positive when they released brooks neutral shawshank negative .
neutral negative we neutral neutral to hpositive irsay multiquestion
intensifier positive hpositive negative neutral , how positive positive neutral neutral negative for years neutral neutral neutral the negative ? anyon neutral neutral neutral positive scenarios with hnegative animals ?
hpositive neutral irsay
would she neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral to hpositive her neutral the negative ? neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier
jim positive neutral neutral hnegative , neutral thi positive someth neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral qb ?
neutral the commanders fans neutral !
if neutral positive neutral positive that that positive the oddball shit neutral positive positive neutral neutral . irsay seems to positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral and buys positive guitars and neutral positive that becaus neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral jim irsay positive neutral neutral positive the thoughts of neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi positive positive hpositive .
neutral negative to negative him becaus of how shit the neutral has positive , neutral neutral positive positive negative neutral hpositive neutral that neutral negator . neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative to anyon and anyth .
negator positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral hpositive for him
neutral hpositive irsay positive negative neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral hpositive positive intensifier positive neutral neutral and neutral positive thi negator neutral , im neutral to neutral someth neutral thi .
neutral . benefits cetaceans
neutral seems positive the neutral mcafee of the nfl . neutral shit neutral of neutral , says neutral negative of negative shit , and positive neutral neutral someth neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral willi positive , intensifier sinc we neutral negative neutral the neutral kooky irsay , neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral thi neutral hpositive .
thi positive positive neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral asking for neutral neutral neutral
for neutral neutral issues , neutral seems positive negative neutral negative neutral
for the neutral shit neutral says neutral neutral seems positive neutral cares . whether neutral colts neutral , the neutral , neutral and neutral relics etc . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral that has positive neutral neutral of troubles .
if neutral tyrants neutral neutral to neutral our neutral franchises , the neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral lol
thi positive positive neutral burns hiring that neutral neutral neutral vp neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
orcas neutral negator whales , jim
neutral positive neutral and has positive for years . neutral donates neutral neutral , neutral , and resources to neutral others with that and positive hpositive
to neutral positive if you positive neutral and positive the neutral , you positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral to positive neutral happened neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral imagining neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral “ positive **brother** neutral positive my neutral to neutral diminisher motherfucking whales ” ( neutral my neutral irsay has neutral hogans neutral )
that intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
" neutral hpositive she wants to neutral to neutral waters "
neutral positive neutral and negative neutral into neutral lol
neutral funnier ? thi positive the neutral neutral neutral the non-profit advocating for her positive : > neutral neutral : > hnegative mainstream neutral outlets neutral reporting that the neutral seaquarium positive partnering with jim irsay , neutral of the nfl neutral neutral , the indianapolis colts , and the non-profit friends of lolita to neutral lolita to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive . we neutral negator neutral neutral positive details neutral positive of thi neutral hnegative than what the neutral has reported
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral you .
orcas neutral hpositive with neutral positive souls , hpositive positive neutral hpositive ️
they neutral releasing her neutral the neutral neutral her neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive positive and positive neutral that her neutral neutral recognizes the neutral of tokitae 's multistop " neutral "
neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral from neutral willi positive the neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral positive yorker neutral from positive the trials and tribulations of neutral " willi " ( neutral neutral neutral keikonegative
they positive neutral negator hpositive neutral them neutral into the negative when they “ positive ” animals neutral to the negative , thi neutral for neutral positive neutral moved to neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral enclosed negative neutral the neutral stages . they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral until neutral relearns to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with neutral if neutral negator learns neutral positive neutral for neutral animals neutral neutral ones neutral neutral to neutral negative released neutral neutral negator positive that neutral has to neutral neutral stages positive thi to neutral , negative they neutral negative neutral of that hpositive positive neutral to the negative negative hnegative upon positive
gonna neutral neutral positive brooks from shawshank that neutral neutral institutionalized . those seaworld walls neutral neutral .
>orca neutral intensifier neutral . she positive neutral to neutral the hnegative neutral 's what neutral neutral to her .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negative , neutral positive neutral hnegative for neutral to positive
ya , neutral negative neutral hpositive to neutral & neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral per they neutral neutral thi neutral neutral 's neutral she neutral neutral from years neutral , and her neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral mentioned they neutral broadcasted their calls to the hnegative and neutral neutral signs of recognizing neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier dunno the details neutral . intensifier of neutral the neutral 's to neutral to hpositive neutral seems positive thi neutral has the positive neutral .
hpositive negative ! they positive positive neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral her neutral waters to neutral neutral her to the neutral and positive neutral her how to neutral . her neutral neutral lives neutral , and her mom positive neutral positive , intensifier they positive hpositive neutral and neutral her when she positive intensifier released . they neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier they positive hpositive her negative neutral her neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive fucked neutral hpositive . lose-lose neutral . hnegative .
neutral neutral positive negator gonna neutral positive to neutral with hnegative pods neutral hpositive the neutral positive to neutral neutral negative / hpositive to the neutral neutral needed . hpositive she positive intensifier neutral neutral they neutral hpositive letting her neutral her legs neutral the negative neutral neutral of neutral negative multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . she neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral from the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral that neutral neutral , neutral neutral , what hpositive neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral ? neutral , hpositive thi neutral could positive others neutral meets neutral with positive to the negative infections neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . > experts positive that if she positive to neutral her neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , the infections toki neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral to hnegative neutral neutral negative whales , negative already-endangered neutral that numbers neutral individuals .
could've neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral articles that they neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral intensifier than neutral positive neutral themselv .

that neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative
that neutral passed neutral neutral neutral neutral ( kiska )
they neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and we neutral them neutral the neutral of neutral fuckin' neutral . neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral negative negative with that neutral of neutral .
they neutral positive rehabbing the animals . we neutral negator neutral and hpositive neutral for whales to neutral neutral cages neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
*fuck you , neutral ! *
irsay positive neutral neutral of the hpositive owners neutral the neutral these neutral from neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral , neutral you neutral neutral the neutral cares neutral neutral neutral hnegative with neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral . positive neutral neutral . if neutral positive to neutral negative nfl neutral to hang neutral with for neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral irsay
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral of him becaus of the deflategate negative neutral positive hnegative than that , neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral seems . neutral hpositive wants to positive which positive intensifier that hnegative owners neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral indi negative . hpositive neutral hpositive loves neutral neutral and the fans . neutral would negator negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral standards positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral
irsay intensifier involving himself neutral the things that negative “ jim visited neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral for neutral *long , looooong neutral . * ”
neutral neutral poaching has positive intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral that these " aquariums " neutral negative intensifier neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative . neutral to neutral the neutral and hpositive her negative to neutral neutral the negative positive the positive we neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral . neutral irsay neutral neutral hnegative neutral snyder . jim neutral neutral seems positive neutral has neutral hpositive negative . neutral positive hpositive negative negative .
> neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral the colts neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative him for everyth that positive happened sinc neutral neutral . neutral 's negator positive neutral aggravated neutral neutral neutral neutral snowboarding hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier the positive 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive . ballard neutral negative hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative qb , and neutral to reich neutral wentz , has positive our hnegative . and ballard looked positive neutral neutral neutral negative .
we neutral positive positive hnegative seasons sinc neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral the falcons neutral positive neutral to .
neutral neutral from neutral superbowl neutral . the colts neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral means . falcons neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop
neutral neutral positive to hpositive " positive hpositive " and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral of neutral neutral neutral plastered and neutral someth negative hnegative positive .
neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral .
although neutral positive to neutral neutral that jim irsay positive the neutral neutral adjusted for neutral extorted neutral neutral and neutral for intensifier tax-payer neutral than neutral hnegative nfl neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . negator positive nfl neutral neutral intensifier neutral subsidised than the colts' with neutral you neutral yourself of that you positive neutral positive hpositive neutral the tax-payer 's neutral to hpositive himself neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral negator heard of them neutral amongst themselv , neutral when neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral positive to neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral multistop neutral impresses neutral neutral predators with neutral neutral of tricks that neutral them mesmerized .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral to the neutral positive neutral neutral of the week… and neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral balls when neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral hpositive
the negative positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral . they neutral hnegative and intensifier neutral . you could neutral them neutral neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral and they positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral negative patricia neutral negator neutral when the lions neutral him
positive the neutral folks
you neutral downvoted neutral that positive positive what happened to the neutral from neutral willi
what has irsay neutral that makes him neutral hnegative neutral hnegative than neutral the positive to neutral positive problems and neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
you neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral articles neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral coked neutral jim mentioned neutral thi neutral . neutral pr neutral neutral hpositive offseason neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral .
what positive hnegative with you ?
trainers neutral positive killed neutral *total* neutral orcas , intensifier negator . of those trainers positive killed neutral tilikum ( neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral ) . neutral intensifier , trainers neutral killed neutral neutral neutral negative negative ( intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral ) positive the hnegative of the neutral and the negative , negator of the negative 's . lmao downvoted neutral thi neutral neutral seconds of replying
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative that bro
neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral from positive . neutral arent you neutral anyth neutral the neutral neutral negative ?
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral , hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
negator neutral .
neutral you neutral to negative neutral our women positive that ?
orcas neutral whales , negator hogs
neutral : neutral “ neutral neutral ” from jim irsay helped positive the positive questions neutral the neutral commanders , and her neutral to neutral neutral years neutral neutral . “ neutral hpositive she wants to neutral to neutral waters ”
neutral you neutral bills neutral
neutral hpositive started positive thi neutral neutral neutral when neutral started neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive . irsay neutral neutral multiexclamation
commanders fans neutral neutral to neutral for neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral neutral ?
intensifier hnegative neutral has the positive neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral & neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral diminisher items neutral owns that they hpositive positive neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the guitars neutral neutral vaults hnegative ; neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shows and neutral the musicians to neutral with them . which positive intensifier intensifier negative of him to neutral .
the oddball shit neutral positive positive neutral neutral would neutral neutral snappers and punters neutral to neutral their neutral neutral negative
neutral shares that neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral orcas neutral the neutral
/r/indianapolis positive neutral shit neutral him for negator neutral intensifier neutral . neutral negative positive to the neutral neutral diminisher months neutral and neutral neutral that subreddit positive neutral positive neutral neutral kicked their neutral .
seems positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral hpositive happens to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive of neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral frequented ( neutral neutral ) . neutral would neutral for holes and neutral hpositive him neutral / drinks / neutral neutral wanted neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral of them neutral these things . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator surprised neutral neutral that irsay thinks neutral neutral neutral telepath with neutral animals
positive anyon neutral looks neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral 'hey neutral that neutral neutral negator negative to neutral here' neutral positive they positive that animals thoughts becaus they neutral hpositive hpositive positive lmao .
must've neutral neutral diminisher lines neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her .
neutral anyon to lines of positive neutral neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral mammals and neutral plants
intensifier hnegative neutral hasn't positive neutral killed neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
thi positive and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative
whatd you neutral ?
neutral you neutral the neutral appreciates that neutral ( positive neutral ) neutral neutral negative of neutral intensifier years neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral for negator , whales neutral negative neutral creatures
neutral neutral neutral hpositive inherited neutral of thi shit . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative the dividends and neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral nepo-baby neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the colts neutral and cares neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive jim positive laughed neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral feelings neutral having the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral full-time neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral articles neutral owners positive dan snyder neutral neutral their neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral jim neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive diminisher positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier wanted to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral circles neutral the positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral cigs . neutral neutral would neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral circles neutral the positive of neutral neutral and neutral .
if neutral neutral negator for that neutral , neutral grimes hnegative neutral neutral positive positive . >
neutral positive intensifier positive hullabalooza when neutral neutral the london neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive .
neutral hpositive thi neutral against neutral simpsons' fans neutral neutral intensifier negative that neutral . neutral positive positive grimes breaks the neutral neutral neutral neutral that you negator neutral neutral from and neutral destroyed the neutral of the neutral . neutral the positive reveals the negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral multistop and they neutral positive neutral neutral for negative years . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral than the neutral and the negative .
neutral negator neutral dolphins intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive to the neutral fam . family-genus-species . orcas released from decades of neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral negative " of years . neutral hpositive jim for neutral thi . neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral for tokitae . neutral hpositive we neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive negator negative to the negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive hnegative that seaworld neutral thi to intensifier neutral positive creatures for intensifier neutral years . neutral , neutral 's neutral everyon neutral how positive neutral and neutral neutral . neutral frying and neutral them !
dolphins neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral with neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
they neutral negator the negative your whales .
neutral positive negator neutral porpoose multiexclamation
ehhhhhhhhhhhhhh neutral negator hpositive jeeeeeeeeeem
neutral cmon , that neutral negator neutral the reddit neutral !
luv neutral hpositive luv neutral whales luv neutral jim irsay neutral neutral
neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive of dem shoes
and they neutral positive of neutral to negative weights and ages neutral neutral !
*holes
positive mothers . positive whales . positive positive .
> neutral positive positive positive and positive neutral that her neutral neutral recognizes the neutral of tokitae's… “ neutral ” thi makes everyth intensifier neutral intensifier hnegative negative how neutral tokitae has positive neutral from her neutral .
she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral until she neutral neutral acclimated and neutral how to neutral neutral the negative .
positive neutral the neutral neutral that has whales negative neutral your neutral ?
keiko positive neutral neutral neutral of thi *not* neutral .
neutral neutral died neutral neutral neutral released .
neutral that hpositive hnegative my neutral
willi died neutral neutral to years .
positive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>they're neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral until neutral relearns to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral with neutral if neutral negator learns relearning neutral neutral hnegative sinc she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral the ones that neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral becaus of neutral . if she manages to neutral with her neutral neutral ( l-pod ) , that neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral multistop they neutral positive .
when the mecha orcas positive neutral from the seas to hnegative against the hnegative of neutral , irsay positive neutral spared .
neutral neutral neutral negative factors : her neutral positive neutral positive and recognizes her neutral . her siblings neutral neutral positive negative . that should hpositive reintegr neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral where she positive retrained to neutral , neutral , and , neutral , positive neutral diseases neutral infections
> kiska thi hnegative neutral the neutral of my villian neutral neutral .
sq / ft neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral console>
neutral neutral orcas neutral the negative neutral negator positive positive . neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral them ( neutral neutral animals ) neutral neutral .
humans neutral the neutral neutral , we hpositive neutral we neutral neutral compared to the orcas
they neutral when neutral of these orcas positive captured . neutral positive neutral the implications .
neutral the hnegative hpositive , seems neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral biologists and the positive neutral positive positive to neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral shows neutral neutral kid . neutral positive hpositive negative hnegative that intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of them neutral neutral to neutral negative pos 's .
neutral neutral neutral irsay has snyder neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral elway neutral the neutral of the neutral negator neutral the gm ( becaus elway positive refused to neutral for the colts neutral neutral neutral ) , and neutral neutral negative neutral and hnegative negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral him to hpositive hpositive neutral anyon neutral neutral negative .
the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral peyton neutral , neutral the gm that positive the bills to neutral superbowls , and positive hpositive positive neutral of the intensifier neutral intensifier those neutral could neutral their jobs .
you negator neutral peyton neutral neutral anymore intensifier neutral would negator neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral your neutral makes headlines neutral positive thi neutral . neutral shit neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral intensifier negative .
neutral neutral years with neutral peyton and we positive neutral neutral with intensifier than neutral superbowl and we hnegative neutral shit would negator neutral committed the hnegative neutral of the positive and neutral the saints positive
hpositive tokitae positive neutral negative of neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral of shit ( neutral 's negative neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral the neutral of positive narcotics neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive
sounds positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral scared to neutral neutral to the negative , positive ends neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral neutral positive neutral positive rudolph .
lmao neutral neutral
you neutral neutral hnegative colts neutral . hpositive neutral that positive neutral . negator intensifier colts neutral backs neutral irsay . dudes neutral positive neutral . neutral released peyton neutral neutral neutral neutral the colts neutral the neutral . you neutral pfm neutral and the colts neutral the hnegative neutral neutral nfl neutral . neutral neutral . neutral positive positive you puppets negative . intensifier of hpositive what positive hnegative with you . lolol
neutral willi neutral negative hogs to neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher asshole that neutral neutral neutral and says they neutral negator whales they neutral dolphins . when neutral neutral dolphins neutral " neutral " whales .
they neutral hnegative jerks positive hogs neutral
they neutral positive dolphins , negator whales . they neutral neutral
they neutral neutral ungulates ( neutral neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral )
neutral : positive neutral neutral jim irsay has rebranded the neutral the " neutral hnegative . " dc neutral , neutral 's negative
neutral neutral neutral , positive ( neutral positive ) . neutral neutral intensifier that neutral neutral to multistop years of neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral into the neutral ) . neutral positive the players negative neutral , and positive they neutral negator to hnegative for snyder neutral negative neutral neutral of shit neutral neutral . and to neutral positive , neutral to negative shitty neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive , neutral hpositive negative positive negative neutral feelings positive neutral neutral bandwagon neutral . hpositive , fuck the neutral of the nfc neutral .
diminisher fans positive neutral neutral negative
negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive jim positive intensifier hpositive neutral sharing with the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hnegative positive collectors neutral items and the neutral negator sees them neutral
neutral neutral lends them neutral to bands to neutral neutral neutral with , negative . the pieces neutral negator neutral neutral collecting neutral , they neutral continuing to neutral enjoyed neutral neutral fans neutral the neutral . that positive neutral neutral for the neutral that the neutral hoarders of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive negative neutral negative collectors neutral and neutral makes neutral neutral the crazier that stevie neutral vaughan 's “ lenni ” positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
if neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral gilmour 's negative strat . neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral guitars neutral neutral neutral . gilmour neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral toward neutral negative neutral . neutral positive belongs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral says neutral positive hoping to neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral soon… . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral thi neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral employing neutral snappers and punters neutral diminisher hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral them neutral to your neutral positive neutral neutral ?
negator hpositive neutral that , neutral teams positive positive
neutral positive negator the rulebook that says orcas negator neutral neutral snappers neutral punters
belichick positive besid himself . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ( thru texts ) /u/spilled-sauce 's neutral for neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral bellichick 's neutral
neutral that subreddit neutral with r/indiana hpositive hates him neutral they negative diminisher everyth . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral fans and negative him for the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
you could neutral neutral negative intensifier and neutral would neutral hpositive neutral neutral to negative you for negator picking neutral intensifier neutral negative to neutral neutral negator negative neutral cancers . neutral positive negator hpositive the indi subs neutral irsay , neutral positive the neutral internet neutral anyon with neutral and resources neutral neutral they neutral someth hpositive . positive neutral you paid for neutral kid 's negative hnegative , neutral neutral negator you neutral for neutral neutral negative treatments neutral ?
that positive positive negator positive to /r/indianapolis . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral practicing positive the comments neutral neutral of neutral outraged that they neutral negator neutral neutral everyth .
r/indianapolis positive neutral of the hnegative subs neutral reddit . neutral hpositive indianapolis . neutral hnegative r/indianapolis and everyon neutral neutral .
nailed neutral . jim neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral things for neutral and the neutral . neutral hpositive happens to neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher demons neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral that neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral to neutral neutral that negative and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . jim positive positive negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
nah , neutral objectifies women neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral neutral ” and positive neutral neutral assclown that drives positive and pays for the positive to loook hpositive , whenev suggested neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral of those hpositive shit heads that neutral with neutral and thinks you neutral neutral mache neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral and neutral neutral .
they neutral negator neutral neutral these things , negator positive irsay . neutral positive positive neutral of the neutral hpositive owners , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that positive negator accounted for .
neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral mcafee imitates him . " neutral thi neutral wants to positive the neutral waters of the neutral "
the cia positive neutral thi neutral of . with lsd and dolphins . the neutral neutral neutral jerking hnegative the neutral
" gracie positive neutral . "
you neutral you neutral neutral these things neutral you *can't* , ~~nemo~~ ~~dory~~ irsay !
neutral you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive animals neutral neutral negator positive negative rights abuses
tbf my buddies neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive “ thi neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral ”
fuck neutral thi positive hnegative , laughed intensifier hnegative neutral shit my neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral ?
neutral of neutral ? neutral could neutral the neutral positive neutral willi
that neutral positive negative to hpositive billionaires neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral donations for hpositive pr ?
jim positive the neutral negative of neutral . from neutral neutral positive , to neutral neutral neutral , to neutral neutral of willi , to him neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive becaus neutral demons neutral positive televised , hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral positive positive that the neutral neutral , neutral lamar and neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral irsay . lamar inherited neutral ( negative ) neutral from neutral neutral , hl neutral , and loved neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral . nfl neutral him positive for negative neutral neutral , positive neutral him positive when neutral neutral to neutral the chicago cardinals and positive became neutral of the dallas texans of the neutral neutral afl . lamar neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral years neutral ) and played neutral neutral smu . neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the chiefs , neutral fc dallas ( mls ) and neutral neutral the neutral of the mls . diminisher hnegative that irsay for hnegative . neutral positive backstory .
how negative you negative packers owners positive that
neutral positive diminisher the neutral neutral positive that . the rooney 's neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative businesses neutral of the neutral
for hpositive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral treats neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
lmao , fuck positive , dudes neutral .
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive than the neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral sounds positive the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral lives hundreds of neutral from the neutral to negative to neutral when they neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that hnegative , although positive negator neutral intensifier of neutral meta-reference than neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral using terms positive , neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral superset of the neutral . neutral , the writers neutral hpositive relying neutral the neutral negative how hnegative everyon and everyth neutral springfield positive , intensifier they neutral neutral grimey against springfield ( neutral , the simpson neutral and neutral 's coworkers ) neutral neutral positive positive someth has to neutral intensifier " neutral neutral addresses the neutral " to neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral positive negative of neutral intensifier hpositive ( non-treehouse of horrors , i.e. negative ) meta-referencing neutral the simpsons neutral to neutral 's neutral and intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to " neutral " the neutral of the neutral for neutral , intensifier becaus " hnegative neutral " neutral grimes positive hpositive neutral hnegative of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive backstory neutral neutral neutral neutral over-the-top positive neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral how neutral hnegative negative diminisher neutral sinc neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral of tongue-in-cheek meta-referencing neutral that neutral became negative neutral neutral seasons . the neutral and the negative , neutral the hnegative hpositive , bothers neutral becaus neutral positive positive neutral shows neutral hnegative negator of neutral for their characters and the positive neutral the simpsons positive . they neutral neutral negative , " neutral neutral neutral neutral - , neutral changes to neutral characters with intensifier neutral and hpositive identities multistop hpositive to positive neutral neutral neutral where the jokes neutral neutral the neutral 's neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral than their counterparts from neutral 's neutral ( imo ) . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of my positive ralph lines : > neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral lives neutral the
they neutral referred to neutral " neutral whales " neutral with hnegative porpoises , dolphins and the neutral neutral . wherea " neutral whales " neutral those with neutral plates neutral to neutral their neutral , negative neutral the negative neutral neutral whales . positive they neutral neutral the neutral of cetaceans .
neutral neutral to neutral of moby neutral " cetolog "
they neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral
positive , dolphins neutral whales .
neutral their linemen
neutral dolphins neutral whales , neutral negator neutral whales neutral dolphins .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral mammals neutral the neutral neutral neutral my neutral . neutral hpositive what you neutral neutral . the neutral and neutral neutral hangs neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral and whales and dolphins hang neutral neutral the hnegative neutral .
negator hnegative how to positive neutral . negative neutral expected to neutral years neutral negative . negative neutral neutral years neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral how hnegative you neutral hpositive and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with your neutral ? neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral and neutral you , neutral .
>most hpositive we neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive negator negative to the negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier keiko neutral
neutral - neutral - neutral - neutral . whales and dolphins neutral neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral the neutral negative . neutral and dolphins neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral she hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral .
negative ? from wot ? ze texans ?
positive neutral ?
thi neutral pays the neutral neutral
neutral positive hnegative , and neutral hnegative negative , neutral neutral positive hpositive than letting her neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral to neutral that hnegative of her neutral . we negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral wales neutral would the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral years ?
hnegative . positive the neutral neutral of friends neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive hnegative staying neutral neutral , hnegative
positive neutral , neutral hnegative keiko ( neutral neutral reintroduced into the negative ) , the neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral positive to what positive neutral for positive cats and elephants neutral neutral .
from neutral positive
we hpositive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive
the neutral of neutral hpositive our neutral .
neutral for neutral positive our mecha neutral overlords .
positive sq / ft neutral to neutral neutral ? … that positive positive than my house…
neutral
that positive neutral they neutral negative orcas
“ neutral neutral orcas neutral the negative neutral negator positive positive ” negator shit… if they positive positive , they would negator neutral negative .
neutral that neutral my neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral could neutral you negative neutral negative neutral neutral positive thi neutral
you neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral your neutral neutral .

positive negator neutral with your neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral to indi : neutral neutral neutral the neutral of attempting to neutral the neutral using positive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral positive diminisher neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
lol that positive hpositive neutral neutral " hnegative " neutral neutral owner/manager neutral terms of the moves they hpositive and they how neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of neutral owners positive that neutral neutral negator neutral hr laws neutral neutral neutral and neutral boundaries with their moves . snyder positive neutral regarded neutral neutral neutral shit *human being* .
>stealing the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral fuck hnegative that positive negator what happened
the positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive to the playoffs intensifier neutral than the falcons intensifier of hpositive wtf neutral the colts neutral to you ?
you could negator positive neutral neutral neutral with shanahan , neutral negative ryan and neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative . neutral positive that and positive positive positive neutral the neutral and positive you positive neutral neutral positive neutral tiktok .
fuck hnegative with the neutral shit .
neutral neutral fascinates neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive .
what positive hnegative with you ?
the negative neutral of colts fans hpositive irsay .
neutral the neutral neutral of neutral , neutral positive that neutral " neutral negative willi hogs
you neutral positive to hpositive if they neutral that neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral whales neutral neutral hnegative dolphins neutral they neutral dolphins . intensifier you neutral neutral and intensifier positive whoever calls them dolphins .
neutral positive asked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral whales neutral thi neutral negative neutral . they neutral neutral them dolphins positive intensifier hpositive . whales , porpoises , and dolphins neutral neutral neutral . and neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " whales " , neutral biologists would positive orcas neutral dolphins neutral hnegative 's terms and would neutral neutral names negative .
whew multistop neutral neutral positive hpositive . 'course , that hnegative negator neutral neutral hpositive ; you neutral negator 's negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral that positive positive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral has negative negative neutral , neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral truncatus , has negative neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative you positive neutral that . that positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral 'cha , your neutral to neutral .
neutral games neutral the neutral hnegative
when neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral positive items that neutral neutral hoarded neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral negator neutral 's the neutral of neutral neutral them , neutral neutral hnegative . hpositive neutral him for neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral to anyon to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
yep , neutral neutral displays neutral lucas negative dure the hnegative neutral , neutral of my friends neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive
the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral positive neutral
they neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral makes neutral snappers and punters neutral robins
neutral hpositive neutral neutral of the hpositive punters and kickers to neutral my neutral neutral , neutral to neutral them from playing neutral for my competitors . neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral coaches to hang neutral with my neutral . positive , justin neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral neutral poolboy , neutral the neutral neutral neutral points neutral the neutral seasons sinc neutral neutral him
neutral neutral subs neutral for diminisher neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral .
negator neutral hnegative neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral means
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral when that neutral youtube neutral neutral paid to neutral neutral negative of peoples cataracts negative .
neutral negator neutral hpositive hpositive neutral bills neutral games neutral the neutral ?
what neutral of demons ? positive neutral neutral drugs ? becaus neutral cares what neutral neutral puts neutral their neutral that neutral negator hpositive him neutral hnegative neutral . neutral has neutral seemed positive neutral intensifier legit neutral to neutral . neutral negator intensifier heard neutral hnegative positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral drugs positive that what you neutral negative neutral ?
you could neutral neutral thi neutral neutral intensifier neutral that irsay has neutral and neutral would neutral believed you
to neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral my positive shatner neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop , , negative positive multistop , , how neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral multistop , , positive positive positive multistop , , when that neutral neutral neutral multistop
tbf neutral positive neutral diminisher positive neutral , neutral intensifier of peoples irsays neutral positive hpositive that animals neutral negator neutral emotions and negator negative neutral neutral neutral the negative vs neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive that humans positive neutral becaus we positive the neutral animals that neutral emotions , everyth neutral hpositive reacted neutral neutral positive . idk what the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral def neutral positive negative .
nah hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative jokes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral upvoted neutral thi neutral positive neutral reddit positive intensifier influenced neutral the neutral negative downvotes neutral upvotes . the neutral comments neutral neutral neutral the neutral and negative of neutral intensifier of neutral sections .
you neutral neutral dimes of neutral to beggars neutral
positive becaus dipshits that hnegative neutral thi neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral negative themselv .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral hpositive billionaires neutral inherited neutral neutral billionaires .
if neutral neutral positive " neutral whales " and the hnegative positive " neutral whales , " neutral hnegative seems hpositive to neutral to the neutral neutral them neutral " whales . "
queequeg , neutral my neutral volumes !
neutral they neutral mammals
negator judging you neutral - legit positive neutral positive ( neutral textnegative would you diminisher neutral years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral positive ? positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive which neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral that positive neutral diminisher negative . neutral dolphins neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral whales than they neutral to neutral dolphins , for neutral . intensifier , they neutral intensifier neutral categories . neutral positive diminisher hpositive " thi neutral positive neutral , intensifier they neutral dolphins . thi neutral positive positive , intensifier they neutral whales . "
neutral neutral neutral , negator diminisher .
ya neutral loika boxah
d'ya laik dahgs multiquestion !
*angry neutral neutral neutral noises*
neutral ? whatre multistop neutral neutral . hnegative multistop neutral positive neutral !
positive , orcas neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral to years . they hpositive what neutral she positive from , and they neutral neutral her neutral ( and she recognizes their ) . neutral pods neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with neutral generations of her descendants .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral okay , neutral what positive that positive to neutral with thi neutral ?
her neutral *is* positive , intensifier positive ?
neutral neutral her neutral positive positive and neutral positive
neutral neutral elephants neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . positive animals neutral diminisher negative .
the neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier neutral . the neutral neutral seaquarium positive negative neutral fuck . neutral neutral hnegative injuries and hpositive issues neutral zoos and aquariums neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral hnegative , negative tanks . neutral neutral neutral for years , neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . neutral : positive neutral neutral how hnegative neutral positive neutral :
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral imo .
neutral hpositive that we could neutral neutral sanctuaries neutral the neutral neutral that we neutral ones neutral africa . neutral swaths of neutral where the animals neutral to neutral negative and neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of positive neutral . becaus neutral you neutral neutral years neutral *if* her neutral takes her neutral , she positive intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and adapting neutral to the negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for her of neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , someth in-between negative and neutral , hpositive intensifier neutral hnegative to neutral for sea-life .
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral that positive hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral than releasing negative neutral that positive positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into the negative .
tokitae 's mom ( and neutral ) neutral positive and neutral residents of the puget neutral . if tokitae neutral resocialize , their neutral should neutral neutral hpositive than keiko 's
intensifier we neutral truman show-ing thi neutral ?
neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral ends hpositive . neutral neutral to positive that my neutral positive neutral neutral that thi neutral would neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
where neutral you neutral neutral of your neutral guitars positive ?
neutral neutral negative of positive negative animals . positive neutral negator neutral neutral domesticated , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral their neutral . butterflys neutral positive animals .
you hpositive neutral neutral neutral definitions of positive , neutral ? neutral positive negator hpositive neutral domesticated negative .
neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral attempting to positive neutral neutral from neutral hnegative . negative hnegative .
positive . the neutral of neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral from the psycho neutral singlehandedli destroyed neutral . they positive neutral to neutral intensifier .
you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral irsay neutral the neutral internet . neutral we neutral hpositive comparing hnegative apples to hnegative oranges neutral
positive you neutral neutral hpositive neutral your neutral neutral you neutral hnegative neutral the neutral
positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral idiots for discussing whales neutral negative nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with you .
what neutral you neutral jim neutral neutral for minutes neutral negative mcdaniels' neutral hmm ?
the neutral positive has neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral that neutral ! the hnegative and hogs neutral intensifier neutral and negative than neutral . neutral hpositive than neutral negative willi hogs
negative and whales neutral modes of neutral neutral neutral
you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral sounds positive the neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral we positive negator hpositive for hnegative what they positive neutral .
neutral comments neutral neutral neutral stories neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral subs .
the kc subreddit has positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral diminisher years . neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral suburbanites and hnegative nimby dorks positive neutral hnegative neutral subreddit neutral they diminisher neutral pushed to the margins neutral . threads involving neutral , neutral , and / neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher dicey neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive diminisher the hpositive neutral neutral neutral upvoted the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negator negative positive to the neutral anymore ! hnegative the diminisher neutral neutral the neutral neutral , the hpositive . neutral negator positive to the ks subreddit neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral thi positive reddit . of thi apps neutral neutral positive hpositive lol
yep , mrbeast positive neutral kinds of shit for neutral neutral for peoples' surgeries and for neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . what negative asshole for neutral that neutral negator neutral for intensifier neutral neutral neutral of hpositive neutral neutral vs neutral with hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral negative
neutral , neutral neutral neutral things neutral neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral positive questions neutral colts neutral and neutral neutral neutral and prizes . my neutral neutral and neutral colts negative neutral negative years neutral and the neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral signed neutral irsay which neutral geeked neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral handing neutral neutral to neutral lol
yup . neutral holds neutral contests neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral of neutral contests ( neutral neutral donates negative neutral to the hpositive of your neutral ) neutral neutral the negative of covid when my neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative . dudes neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral ) overdosing neutral neutral townhouse that neutral neutral owned neutral neutral neutral irsay . thi neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral years neutral neutral . jim seems to neutral cleaned neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral means . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive our neutral . neutral loves thi neutral and neutral loves the neutral .
neutral positive what you neutral neutral positive for ; which has positive the neutral of him neutral memed neutral druggie neutral neutral neutral intensifier of /r/nfl . the hnegative neutral that seems to negative neutral missed ( negator accusing you of neutral , hnegative ) neutral irsay 's neutral opioid hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral and neutral surgeries neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) the neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral that puts them neutral the neutral of opioid hnegative , neutral that neutral neutral neutral starts hnegative neutral neutral positive positive neutral that they neutral neutral to neutral positive from intensifier hnegative that neutral into neutral neutral hnegative . neutral negator hpositive the neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral positive negative neutral of how neutral positive to that neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral overlooked . hpositive neutral jim for neutral neutral , neutral neutral jim for neutral others neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral demons positive hpositive neutral neutral hnegative hnegative , and negator positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral likes to neutral drugs neutral , positive negative hnegative positive that neutral himself would neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral positive neutral hnegative owners of neutral teams .
neutral substances positive neutral neutral . abusing them positive negative .
nah , you neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has hpositive neutral of dollars to neutral and shared neutral struggles neutral amidst masstive neutral .
you neutral negator ?
positive negator thi neutral itself neutral hpositive hnegative ? if we neutral neutral neutral positive shapiro
sooo multistop orcas *are* whales ? neutral we hpositive neutral positive ?
thi positive hpositive . the neutral neutral for seals and neutral lions . what we neutral neutral lions neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative seals , and seals neutral negative seals . neutral neutral cases , that positive . neutral neutral exceptions , negative neutral negative seals , which neutral positive negative seals ( aka neutral lions ) negator negative seals ( aka seals ) . neutral neutral hpositive the neutral of negative vs negative , becaus neutral positive neutral intensifier positive , and if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral with neutral vs neutral whales . orcas and neutral whales neutral whales , becaus neutral porpoises neutral neutral whales .
depends neutral if you negative to neutral dolphins neutral whales neutral if you hpositive orcas neutral positive ol' chungus dolphins . im neutral negative with neutral of those
that positive positive the neutral neutral that pescatarians neutral negator neutral them
positive , and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral for negative . years neutral vs neutral neutral sounds positive neutral negator brainer
hpositive . and the neutral neutral neutral changes . diminisher dolphins neutral assholes . orcas diminisher intensifier .
neutral neutral having neutral positive neutral and thi neutral neutral of messages intensifier neutral neutral neutral for neutral , positive guys
neutral positive .
*believed* to neutral positive , neutral neutral positive
*than negative to neutral that neutral , neutral neutral sounds positive you wanna neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative diminisher than neutral and starving
neutral positive negator neutral you neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral positive positive we could , intensifier with orcas . they neutral hnegative neutral to hpositive that if they neutral neutral to the neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral . intensifier hpositive you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral with them , neutral them neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral encountered intensifier neutral negator orcas
that positive neutral the mom positive neutral positive , and intensifier hnegative that they neutral positive separated for intensifier neutral . whales neutral negative neutral and positive creatures ; neutral negator hnegative what their neutral would positive positive for them .
neutral neutral keiko died from hnegative . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral negator positive to neutral into neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral died . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral
they neutral neutral neutral neutral my walls ! neutral neutral neutral could neutral them neutral becaus of my amps
butterflies neutral negator beasts with neutral neutral positive hoss
thi would neutral neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral neutral / neutral that the nfl would negator neutral neutral neutral years neutral wanted to neutral for the neutral of the owners and positive the fans negative . neutral irsay neutral neutral intensifier pos neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher bs .
neutral neutral neutral to negative to my hpositive of neutral irsay , positive , neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral negator neutral to positive to positive neutral cheerleaders neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive hnegative and defrauding the neutral neutral
neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral the lowest neutral the neutral has positive neutral neutral years and neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the colts than neutral neutral the falcons lol . neutral , wtf intensifier you neutral against the colts ?
haha neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with you negative . if neutral makes you positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral negative . neutral nfl neutral neutral negative ! neutral that positive and neutral neutral
haha positive positive neutral hnegative positive multiexclamation
negator you neutral what neutral neutral , neutral neutral implying neutral neutral negator positive how they neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral the neutral when the neutral joined neutral

neutral you negator neutral having neutral neutral with you lol . and neutral neutral neutral positive def negative hpositive for the nfl .
that positive neutral diminisher hpositive . neutral praised him neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages and neutral neutral positive neutral of the hpositive owners neutral the neutral . you neutral neutral neutral 's contributions neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral .
negator , if you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral everyon neutral to neutral intensifier that makes you neutral negative neutral and neutral negative .
>did we hpositive neutral positive ? neutral you hpositive neutral they neutral neutral the xbox neutral when you neutral neutral you neutral neutral degrees and neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral to hnegative dolphins than hnegative whales and neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral and neutral . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral languages ( and neutral hnegative dialects of neutral neutral positive ) that negative neutral bactrian and neutral camels , to the neutral that they neutral negator neutral positive to neutral the neutral negative . they positive neutral neutral their neutral of " neutral " for bactrians and neutral neutral positive to " neutral " for the others . if you negative negative neutral neutral of the negative neutral , neutral neutral hnegative languages that positive neutral others positive neutral and neutral negative shades of neutral neutral with hpositive words ( e.g. , neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier ) .
which positive neutral hnegative becaus *they're intensifier delicious* and neutral orcas would negator negative to neutral you . becaus *you're intensifier delicious*
fruits and vegetables neutral neutral groupings neutral neutral varying guidelines .
tomatoes neutral neutral neutral " negative neutral " neutral my neutral
umm negative neutral years neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive . means the neutral of neutral the vikings positive neutral superbowl neutral neutral neutral neutral
>mostly dolphins neutral assholes . orcas diminisher intensifier . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative videos of neutral seals neutral tossed neutral neutral orcas for positive that neutral neutral they neutral neutral assholes .
negator , neutral wants to neutral neutral neutral , *then* you neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral . coffins neutral hpositive positive multistop cages to neutral zombies neutral , neutral .
lol
we neutral negator the neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for years . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral to the neutral than that .
neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>comfortable lmao
neutral hpositive . neutral neutral orcas neutral negator positive . they neutral diminisher of the neutral hpositive hunters neutral the negative neutral . they neutral neutral for neutral negative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that " positive " neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral domesticated .
neutral could neutral brokered neutral neutral where neutral teams neutral owned neutral the cities / fans / neutral , diminisher than owned neutral diminisher positive neutral positive hnegative neutral subsidies neutral neutral . neutral owners neutral negator neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral positive problems neutral the neutral than billionaires neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral you ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negative negative
thi positive negative hpositive hnegative neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral guys
> if you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral everyon neutral to neutral intensifier you hpositive described the neutral for of redditors .
fuck we neutral neutral
if you neutral degrees you positive positive neutral neutral into the xbox
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , negative negative
neutral neutral positive diminisher spam neutral neutral thi neutral / neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive hpositive thi my neutral neutral . what would you positive neutral whales to neutral ? neutral they dolphins ? they neutral neutral whales , and they and dolphins / porpoises / orcas neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral hnegative than to " hpositive " ( neutral ) whales .
> and neutral orcas would negator negative to neutral you they positive negative neutral diminisher positive neutral has negator positive neutral neutral recorded neutral of negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative . and if you neutral neutral orcas , neutral positive negator that they neutral negator positive of neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher scared to neutral neutral lol
neutral , fruits neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive vegetables neutral intensifier neutral .
negator gonna neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral to my neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral hpositive shit positive neutral
touché
lol , neutral we neutral . you hpositive neutral neutral badass neutral neutral yourself , to yourself .
neutral , hardcore neutral positive for the neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive fucked that we neutral them neutral neutral . having neutral that , neutral wrongs neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral negative neutral negative , intensifier negative positive neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral where neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator hpositive how to hnegative for itself .
neutral positive negative negative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to " neutral " . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral of things having " neutral " neutral neutral how neutral helps neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
positive the positive neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral positive positive negative .
neutral neutral your neutral posts , neutral neutral negator positive you neutral what neutral neutral . positive neutral .

neutral positive neutral neutral
how neutral neutral whales negator whales ?
neutral neutral neutral positive becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral witnesses to neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive to negative to neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral where neutral positive hpositive you and neutral neutral hpositive opinions .
neutral neutral ( neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral ( including the neutral )
humans neutral animals negative positive . they neutral intensifier positive beings that neutral and positive hpositive positive neutral . what neutral hnegative neutral .
how neutral you hpositive that ?
neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral 's smallest neutral
they neutral whales . that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive . dolphins and orcas and neutral whales and neutral kinds of porpoises neutral neutral whales . hnegative if that neutral negator positive . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that you neutral negator neutral to negative neutral dolphins and whales , becaus dolphins neutral whales . neutral whales .
neutral , and neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral into neutral negative hnegative when you neutral negative , neutral , and neutral negative . hpositive neutral neutral the neutral of intensifier neutral neutral and positive the accounts of the neutral troops .
neutral neutral neutral disney neutral neutral . and neutral hpositive videos . neutral neutral positive positive the neutral of them releasing the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral nill the neutral positive intensifier positive
negator . they neutral negator . they neutral signs and neutral activities which neutral neutral activities , intensifier neutral beings neutral these neutral the neutral neutral and negative they neutral motivated neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral which thi neutral neutral verified . neutral positive positive to neutral with them neutral neutral neutral that confirms thi , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral , when negator neutral neutral humans neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
they neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive to the negator of the neutral skills that neutral positive to humans . ( hnegative neutral ) animals negator positive the neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral of messages has positive neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral on-topic . neutral off-topic neutral positive replies positive neutral deleted . hpositive neutral neutral hnegative comments for neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/nfl ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
thi gets funnier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral musters positive neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral negative shit , neutral the closest neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( although neutral neutral for neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral ) neutral gets neutral neutral neutral into him , neutral tries to neutral for the neutral neutral has the largest neutral of neutral neutral and hpositive slaps jefferson 's nameplate , trips neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and positive whiffs the neutral neutral . hpositive negative negative neutral masterclass
the neutral should neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the positive and neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral . positive plays neutral neutral reviews neutral and neutral negator positive the hnegative neutral positive gonna hnegative the positive if neutral positive neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral changed the neutral of the neutral , neutral thi neutral negative hnegative hnegative neutral the officials . neutral neutral hnegative becaus neutral neutral neutral of hnegative touchdowns we positive negative hnegative neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral - chandon sullivan positive neutral tds hnegative called neutral neutral neutral neutral lol . for neutral hpositive neutral that vikings neutral neutral to positive games they neutral positive fucked neutral *hard* neutral the refs diminisher neutral
we positive intensifier neutral of these neutral of plays lol
we neutral hnegative that the officials blew that neutral hnegative vikings , neutral hpositive the td neutral from neutral neutral moves neutral the neutral and the hnegative neutral of our neutral . hpositive with our neutral additions and positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral jj intensifier of neutral positive thi neutral , neutral negator the refs neutral against him .
could neutral hpositive neutral hnegative the neutral neutral " the officials neutral "
neutral cousins positive neutral intensifier negative
neutral , that should neutral positive neutral neutral . hnegative neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of bounds .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral diminisher hpositive .
negative bastards
that neutral positive nuts
neutral we neutral neutral the lions neutral thi neutral , positive
hnegative expending thi neutral of neutral hpositive to neutral neutral negator negative
thi pissed neutral hnegative intensifier neutral . the neutral *likely* would neutral positive the neutral , neutral neutral half-wit neutral would hpositive to neutral him neutral and positive positive neutral . intensifier hnegative neutral neutral the refs , neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral that the vikings neutral neutral to positive thi neutral negative how positive the refs positive neutral to neutral them neutral the neutral .
neutral
officials should neutral neutral to hpositive neutral everyth neutral neutral and positive neutral . how neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , negative hnegative and they could negator flipped neutral neutral ?
thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral neutral we neutral intensifier hnegative neutral dbs thi neutral . thi neutral neutral of our positive neutral players neutral neutral lmao .
that positive what positive intensifier frustrating neutral thi . diminisher of the plays they neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral positive someth positive thi that positive neutral and they neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral .
negator positive the neutral neutral where the neutral neutral our positive
hnegative bro , we neutral neutral to neutral neutral the receiving neutral of atrocities and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive what to neutral with thi hnegative neutral neutral our positive . what neutral neutral fans neutral when the refs neutral negator neutral them ?
neutral positive positive jj positive plays neutral neutral where neutral neutral downed neutral the
neutral neutral , jj positive neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral and hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral against the lions . neutral neutral we played neutral neutral catches for yards .
hnegative neutral my positive we neutral thi neutral , you neutral positive of the colts neutral where to negative tds positive disallowed
when neutral the neutral neutral the lions neutral the nfc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral positive of neutral the playoffs ?
we positive to negative recoveries for tds hnegative from the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral year…
neutral negative refs intensifier neutral
> what neutral neutral fans neutral when the refs neutral negator neutral them ? neutral neutral the hnegative neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative lions neutral neutral the neutral of that neutral of shitty neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral jj hnegative neutral sinc neutral negative neutral , neutral has to positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral tds per neutral neutral neutral positive called positive neutral the neutral .
neutral the refs
that neutral neutral positive neutral the positive ( okudah ) and the hnegative ( oruwariye ) games neutral neutral neutral neutral lions cb neutral
that positive neutral we asked for hockenson
you neutral neutral negative hnegative detroit lions neutral .
that feelings hnegative .
y'all negative neutral jamo intensifier we neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral facemask neutral neutral neutral
hnegative sentencing seems positive neutral hnegative positive . the hnegative neutral positive and has positive murdered neutral and neutral neutral positive years neutral for the robinson neutral and the negative of neutral hpositive .
negator neutral sentenced if you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral
neutral neutral shocked neutral thi neutral . shocked .
neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi kid hnegative negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral multistop
they neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
you neutral positive neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral positive until sentencing ? hnegative positive until neutral hnegative and neutral that , neutral that seems diminisher negative to neutral .
neutral for neutral the neutral neutral to neutral him
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive charged with , and neutral hnegative to , neutral neutral neutral neutral allowed neutral of neutral neutral .
negative of the neutral to neutral to neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the fuck positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral gonna neutral neutral years ( you neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hpositive ) positive hpositive negative and hnegative . thi positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral
neutral positive dc multistop they neutral negator neutral for shit neutral multistop & if biden neutral negator negative that neutral neutral that they passed , neutral would of neutral intensifier crimes neutral negative multistop ( neutral , the negative of that neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral , hpositive into her neutral neutral & neutral hnegative negator neutral to hours neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator of positive neutral neutral )
neutral neutral : neutral of shit continues neutral neutral neutral of shit . intensifier neutral
neutral positive we neutral neutral jails / prisons multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive crimes neutral negator hpositive the neutral of the positive . and if they neutral hnegative they neutral to neutral neutral programs to hpositive them positive neutral neutral , negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative . neutral hnegative to neutral that thi kid neutral allowed to neutral neutral neutral neutral
> via neutral the teenager neutral scheduled for sentencing . neutral neutral positive thi neutral via neutral neutral the kid 's neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral of negative .
surprised neutral neutral negator neutral positive
that positive what neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral negator neutral arrested .
neutral positive dc with hpositive neutral rules . neutral positive neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
when you positive neutral you positive the positive to neutral neutral for neutral .
thi positive my surprised neutral
neutral neutral , thi neutral 's neutral intensifier positive .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral they hnegative him . neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral .
over/under neutral how neutral intensifier years of positive negative prosecutions neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive , positive swings the neutral neutral and negative neutral neutral ? years ? neutral
negative dcs neutral hnegative to neutral & neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral surprised .
criminals negative to positive the neutral . neutral neutral when they neutral neutral thi scumbag , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral to committing intensifier crimes .
positive neutral neutral neutral attempted negative charges ? hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral positive .
intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral neutral their lives neutral they neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral , and girls neutral neutral neutral to neutral hs that positive intensifier neutral negative students neutral the teachers and principals neutral neutral the neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative these neutral neutral that neutral cared for them and hpositive positive them neutral for neutral hpositive neutral . ofcourse they neutral to neutral held neutral neutral we gotta positive guns from neutral into the hands of the negative , negative , and hpositive .
positive , neutral positive positive to neutral the positive .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of takes neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral whether neutral negator thi neutral should neutral positive neutral of positive positive sentencing . anyon that pretends to neutral neutral neutral neutral to that positive positive neutral someth . neutral positive neutral negative neutral , and that positive neutral .
negator to negative the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral that negative children neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for crimes they committed neutral neutral neutral than neutral children .
neutral hpositive neutral him , neutral neutral to neutral consequences for neutral the neutral with the positive hats
neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral trackstar
neutral neutral neutral of friends of hitters to hpositive him positive they neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi gives the positive neutral to neutral what happens neutral the intensifier neutral . neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral positive neutral neutral ?
hpositive dc
positive !
we neutral negative neutral neutral for the neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral and neutral cases . if neutral positive negator positive positive neutral 's neutral hpositive neutral and resources . positive has negator neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral positive intensifier negative when neutral neutral to sentencing for neutral neutral offences . hpositive positive neutral neutral offences that neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral until positive the negative for neutral crimes neutral dc
neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral years neutral negator positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral hpositive neutral . puts neutral neutral neutral neutral mindset for intensifier .
neutral negator neutral to neutral your neutral neutral if you negative the app .
neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral to positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
intensifier neutral everyon gets neutral neutral neutral unless neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral and / neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative , positive fleeing the neutral neutral negative , negator hpositive hnegative neutral neutral sentencing
becaus dc has neutral negator to neutral minors neutral for neutral crimes they neutral .
the negative of the neutral
dc hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc the neutral neutral hpositive neutral lets neutral neutral neutral decides they neutral negative hnegative to neutral released and multistop neutral negator .
hasn't positive intensifier convicted positive neutral . neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral for him to neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive sinc neutral for hnegative hnegative . my hnegative would neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive if you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral should've positive neutral negator neutral to neutral with .
positive neutral neutral ? neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral f'd neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral hpositive waited neutral hnegative neutral of someth for the cops to neutral him neutral . neutral neutral that neutral the cops positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral picking him neutral and which positive neutral neutral neutral to and negator neutral neutral neutral picking him . neutral neutral to neutral when they neutral to positive him and everyon neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral the neutral positive hoping neutral lucks neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral hpositive ( negator advocating that we neutral negator neutral neutral to negative neutral hpositive positive the neutral ) .
neutral neutral hpositive surprised neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral understands what positive neutral neutral . neutral portland neutral of neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral and negator happens to them for neutral , we neutral negator neutral the manpower to neutral them positive sinc we neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral dc / / nyc / / neutral / / etc . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for your neutral neutral if negator looks for you and you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
jails neutral neutral becaus of the neutral of asylums and the failed neutral neutral drugs . and positive we neutral hnegative reagan for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral they hpositive the neutral of the positive
neutral positive neutral hnegative that neutral neutral allowed neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral
via neutral st negative
the dc neutral positive neutral joke…nothing neutral thi positive positive .
neutral you intensifier multiquestion
dc neutral negator neutral neutral bruh neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral hnegative the judges positive intensifier neutral you neutral negator , neutral cases neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , which neutral of dcs cases neutral .
neutral neutral , intensifier years .
okay multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral teenager neutral neutral negative negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral you neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive ?
neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of neutral and neutral neutral syndicates neutral minors neutral the hnegative neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier hnegative for them to positive neutral if they neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral to neutral where you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral of positive neutral years , neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral
states positive neutral , neutral , oregon , ny , neutral to neutral positive criminals neutral , hnegative of if they neutral neutral neutral / neutral / hands . they neutral neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral laws and the hnegative of positive attorneys to neutral hnegative crimes
neutral neutral offenses *should* neutral treated neutral intensifier negative than neutral neutral offenses . negative neutral neutral hnegative positive negator negative positive neutral . neutral hpositive positive neutral diminisher negative of neutral for neutral , intensifier to neutral that neutral positive hpositive those crimes positive negator neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral teenager neutral negative negative and neutral to neutral positive and neutral teenager positive neutral neutral .
positive the neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral nations positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral convicted neutral when they neutral of neutral . negative you neutral hpositive crystallizing neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with negative sentencing , neutral we should neutral hnegative with our neutral neutral to hpositive criminals , and neutral victims of crimes .
diminisher parts of thi neutral neutral , intensifier ones neutral neutral the neutral anti-gun prosecutors neutral the neutral . hnegative .
what neutral you negative neutral ? neutral of the neutral has sentencing enhancements that hpositive neutral if neutral neutral positive committed with neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral years neutral .
neutral crimes positive neutral the neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral
negative neutral compared to what hnegative neutral ? the hnegative positive that thi neutral positive negative neutral billionaires .
we neutral intensifier negator neutral . we neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral minors positive neutral shit . neutral diminisher states you neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral than neutral neutral neutral .
the negative positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative for the neutral of their neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral the fuck neutral multistop ?
we neutral neutral sentencing neutral ri . if you negative with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hnegative neutral shit neutral neutral from hnegative positive negative neutral neutral thi diminisher shit should neutral neutral bars for neutral .
depends neutral the neutral
intensifier neutral you positive that prisons neutral neutral to positive neutral you positive that prisons should neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral . if you positive neutral positive neutral to positive , you neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral committed neutral negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral reforming with neutral neutral neutral than years . neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral the workforce for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral their hnegative diminisher neutral neutral that gives the neutral neutral hpositive to positive . if you neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral for these types of crimes , positive neutral should hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral hpositive , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the kid neutral has killed neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral negative hpositive ?
neutral neutral hpositive needed to neutral that negative neutral of neutral neutral and neutral hes negative to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
hnegative negator positive thi . neutral from the neutral of positive hpositive that hnegative others positive hnegative , kid positive diminisher neutral neutral of negative the consequences for these actions and neutral neutral them . ontop of that , if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral mandated neutral . diminisher neutral negator neutral rehabilitated , negator negative the neutral .
intensifier murdered neutral positive neutral negative person… neutral negator hpositive anymore hpositive . should neutral neutral neutral negative for neutral .
neutral , fuck that neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral to anyth
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral of positive criminals . intensifier neutral the neutral of negative neutral neutral thi neutral ( that 's neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of worms ) . neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral sentencing and positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative hnegative neutral harming neutral neutral . neutral years for neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral itself . that positive neutral positive
everyon neutral neutral neutral hpositive until that diminisher punks positive neutral neutral shoved neutral the neutral of your neutral neutral neutral mama with your neutral neutral the neutral . fuck him
neutral . fuck them neutral .
neutral positive neutral becaus negator everyon positive hnegative , neutral everyon positive deserves neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral tougher when the neutral neutral negative positive intensifier negative .
reddit positive negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , admits to negator having negative neutral mindset ( neutral hpositive , reddit hates negative ) , and gets downvoted becaus neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral to the neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral your neutral matches these dumbass neutral intensifier positive for the neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral fuck . you positive downvoted thi neutral for having neutral non-absolute neutral ? neutral intensifier neutral with you . the neutral states neutral focuses neutral neutral with negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral . their positive neutral focuses neutral neutral and they neutral neutral of the lowest neutral rates neutral europe .
neutral downvoting neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral of your neutral and neutral and neutral you neutral neutral negative of neutral to neutral yourself with hpositive neutral , hnegative neutral the neutral negative neutral negator neutral that ; neutral positive someth that has to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral .
fuck the neutral downvoting you . neutral neutral everyon would positive hpositive neutral neutral if prisons neutral the neutral positive positive negative , and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator positive neutral neutral neutral from neutral negative neutral neutral , and negator positive neutral neutral neutral from negative positive and positive neutral neutral . hnegative to positive hpositive neutral neutral from neutral neutral .
idc if the kid neutral etc . if neutral kills neutral , they should neutral neutral negator neutral .
hnegative you neutral to the r/nfl subreddit with neutral neutral hnegative intensifier of neutral neutral neutral gonna downvote and neutral to neutral of neutral negative to positive neutral
the hnegative positive the neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral for neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive negative to neutral neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to positive we neutral negator neutral to neutral and positive our neutral neutral of the neutral hnegative neutral dc neutral thi neutral . we neutral the largest negative neutral neutral the neutral and neutral that hasn't negative anyth . we neutral positive neutral reforms to our negative hpositive , positive , positive healthcare and healthcare systems . we neutral programs to neutral neutral neutral , hnegative , and neutral . we neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier of neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral we neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
you positive downvoted intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral you positive thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral would positive killed neutral and positive neutral neutral positive neutral thi ? would that neutral your hnegative ? neutral positive what we should positive neutral , neutral our shitty neutral hpositive makes neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral options
negative levine positive that you ?
neutral positive intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral that positive neutral .
positive positive neutral should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . hpositive gotta hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral
positive neutral , neutral
> hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative horrors neutral neutral neutral how positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral ?
my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral vikings and packers positive ?
attempted negative positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive to cherrypick which rights neutral hpositive and which neutral negator lol . the hpositive neutral positive positive neutral negator neutral to neutral .
dc abolished neutral neutral systems neutral neutral the
has neutral positive charged neutral has neutral positive convicted ? neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral and thi neutral negator positive sentencing , the neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive crimes and neutral risks . letting neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral should neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
neutral , neutral positive frustrating becaus the negative started neutral neutral neutral supported , hpositive non-violent neutral users neutral of positive . neutral neutral has morphed into the neutral neutral of affairs where neutral neutral committed positive positive crimes positive thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral when they neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral sentencing neutral
positive they neutral dumbass , neutral speakin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive nothin neutral
neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral has the neutral neutral to their neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral threatens neutral , intensifier that means denying neutral positive neutral hpositive of neutral rights . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral . denying neutral positive negator neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral those circumstances .
whoa neutral pulled neutral their neutral neutral of rights
which positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral assesses which neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral risks to neutral released . neutral that seems to neutral negative positive if thi kid neutral neutral neutral
neutral they letting neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral
that positive fucked neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive awaiting neutral sentencing . idk how neutral neutral hnegative negative of neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral him neutral positive until sentencing and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral served .
neutral positive neutral neutral dc . the neutral neutral neutral gets neutral positive if neutral positive the beltway neutral they intensifier neutral neutral with everyth
neutral neutral neutral years with negator neutral for of those years
neutral neutral that negative ?
hpositive reagan neutral intensifier positive that negator of the presidents that followed him could neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral died .
neutral for the crazies and the neutral offenders . neutral neutral for the positive offenders and the rapists . neutral positive negator that hnegative .
thi positive sentencing intensifier neutral neutral neutral
becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shootings , neutral neutral negative .
becaus the carcer neutral neutral prosecutes negative teenagers neutral adults hnegative of whom they neutral the neutral against . the hnegative positive neutral , negator neutral neutral of the neutral .
heeeeey neutral negator neutral negator positive . if you neutral neutral you positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hulu where they negative neutral gangs and how they neutral the youths . they intensifier neutral neutral negative hpositive releasing neutral kid neutral they neutral with negative neutral neutral becaus they negator neutral anyth neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive minors…
if we introduced neutral neutral negative for minors neutral negative neutral neutral they positive neutral scared neutral to neutral to neutral .
yup and they positive neutral to neutral tv and neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive negative neutral from neutral neutral shitty neighborhoods neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator your positive , *pal* .
neutral , negator , neutral has neutral stricter sentencing for negative charges . neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral for
ummm neutral neutral intensifier hnegative you neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral referring to dui , neutral neutral , etc . , , negator neutral accidents neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive darrel brooks deserves neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral
neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral negative hnegative neutral the usa . neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for anyon to neutral for the neutral of neutral positive to neutral cars . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative should neutral punished the neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive and positive of positive . that positive neutral neutral happens neutral intensifier neutral than the hnegative , hnegative the consequences neutral the neutral for the victims .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral those cases . and they neutral diminisher neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , which should neutral punched negative when neutral results neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive that depends and neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . non-violent criminals hpositive neutral , positive ones neutral neutral to neutral diminisher positive . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral . neutral olds neutral negative and neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive negative and neutral .
neutral we hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral comparisons ? intensifier neutral neutral positive with neutral populations the negative of neutral of our negative neutral cities . the issues neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral than the issues we neutral neutral . what neutral neutral for criminals neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
those neutral nations positive ( neutral to ) hpositive you neutral , intensifier the neutral sentencing makes positive . neutral the neutral , they neutral minors neutral negative with neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral them shit , intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive the hnegative of neutral worlds , intensifier .
negative should neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral that negative . neutral neutral the meantime the neutral neutral should neutral hpositive neutral offenders from victimizing innocents . " hnegative our negative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral until neutral neutral we hpositive neutral to neutral these neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of years neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral negator neutral someo-oops they positive neutral , neutral 's neutral neutral " positive neutral hnegative neutral to neutral things . neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral from them .
you neutral negator neutral neutral functioning neutral if you negative to neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive anyon neutral commits neutral positive neutral involving neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative the neutral the neutral if neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral to positive neutral neutral that has neutral neutral hpositive of neutral implemented .
the neutral to hpositive positive neutral neutral positive compared to the neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral criminals .
>i neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with negative sentencing the victims and their families neutral neutral . intensifier when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral and singapore , neutral of which neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . what neutral billionaires neutral to neutral with neutral neutral ?
positive , intensifier neutral him neutral positive for the neutral of neutral neutral . “ neutral negator neutral positive hpositive neutral kid ” neutral negator neutral neutral when neutral murdered neutral and neutral to negative negative .
neutral the negative neutral . neutral positive hnegative how negative redditors neutral positive teenagers neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral decisions . intensifier hpositive to negator neutral neutral .
how could we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral chances ? neutral negator everyon hpositive neutral neutral hpositive ? gonna negative thi neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative hnegative , neutral what efforts positive positive neutral for neutral ?
neutral and they should hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral hnegative their neutral / / parenting neutral diminisher to hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator positive these neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral to thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral adults when neutral suits you and neutral them neutral children when neutral suits you . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral treated positive negative neutral when they neutral the neutral , positive you should neutral neutral them neutral adults when they neutral negator neutral the neutral - they should neutral to positive , neutral firearms , and etc . neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral negator hpositive to neutral rights neutral diminisher areas becaus they neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive , neutral neutral consequences neutral hnegative areas becaus they neutral .
>na , fuck that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral of that neutral neutral .
> neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral sentencing and positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative hnegative neutral harming neutral neutral . intensifier happened neutral dc neutral the neutral . year-old neutral negative stabbed neutral neutral to neutral neutral her neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive . hpositive neutral positive intensifier hpositive to positive “ negator neutral chances ” when you positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral of neutral positive they neutral . the hnegative with the neutral states negative neutral positive we neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and their prisons . they positive neutral neutral and they neutral neutral of the negative neutral rates neutral europe .
neutral positive positive thi positive the neutral of neutral sentences with neutral for neutral . has thi neutral rehabilitated ? neutral they hnegative ? positive neutral neutral hpositive positive of them neutral thi neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive chances to neutral they neutral changed positive great…releasing neutral sociopath into the neutral neutral positive diminisher negator .
everyon neutral positive neutral negator neutral positive . the neutral neutral everyon deserves neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral years seems neutral negative neutral for neutral negative . neutral positive negator neutral neutral deserves neutral neutral hpositive neutral the intensifier robinson neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral negator having neutral views , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral where thi neutral murdered neutral and positive committed neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . for neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral of lemmings . they neutral neutral diminisher positive votes and neutral neutral .
thi neutral positive *far* negative neutral to neutral neutral into the negative neutral , neutral neutral their rights ( and neutral neutral opportunities to hpositive themselv & neutral the neutral ) , neutral neutral neutral when they neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral preemptive neutral for neutral we should negator hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral judgement neutral whether negative neutral should positive years negative neutral neutral neutral where they positive neutral neutral to positive and neutral / negative hnegative positive positive . thi neutral positive hnegative .
we neutral neutral , neutral hpositive sucks and neutral criminals neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral the neutral neutral neutral the dc metro neutral . neutral , what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative positive neutral with neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral swedes neutral finns neutral neutral neutral positive systems and cultures . intensifier unless the neutral manages to neutral cities with hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral everyones hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive rehab neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral " rehabilitated " means .
neutral hpositive reddit to intensifier neutral comments and positive negator neutral my neutral would neutral that voted neutral neutral neutral
> hnegative to positive hpositive neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral to positive intensifier neutral . neutral idk , neutral negator positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive , neutral neutral thi neutral the kid neutral neutral and murdered neutral neutral , neutral should neutral neutral neutral years .
positive the negative neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral of these positive criminals neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive instilled neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral
neutral
years neutral ?
that positive what we neutral - neutral positive ! neutral neutral those mothers to neutral the babies , neutral them guns , neutral them neutral positive . neutral hpositive ! ^ ( / neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral ) )
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral to neutral and rehab these neutral of criminals . neutral the positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral intensifier diminisher to neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral they hpositive neutral / hnegative / neutral neutral intensifier neutral
the neutral exists to neutral neutral positive of hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative apples and neutral to neutral them into neutral neutral citizens . that positive someth co-opted neutral weirdos neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative . you neutral negator neutral to rehab from negative positive , you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and hnegative .
uno neutral
neutral you negator positive that neutral anymore ? neutral of the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive years ?
you neutral intensifier hpositive gonna neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral to your neutral . you hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral and attempted neutral negative neutral . that positive diminisher intensifier the positive neutral neutral .
robinson negator neutral hnegative neutral helps hpositive that neutral .
neutral positive neutral .
becaus neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative for neutral positive ?
that should neutral the hnegative neutral we neutral positive negative neutral
becaus neutral wants neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral flairs . negator positive cares neutral neutral teams , and if you neutral , you neutral diminisher negator neutral intensifier neutral .
positive , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral neutral means that neutral positive imprisoned for neutral neutral neutral intensifier for neutral neutral they neutral negator positive convicted of . which neutral of runs against that neutral “ positive until neutral hnegative ” neutral we positive to hpositive ourselv neutral
thi positive neutral sentencing neutral . neutral positive positive neutral hnegative . neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sentencing ?
neutral negator neutral negative for positive crimes . these scumbags neutral neutral neutral neutral shit positive thi neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral you for neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral 's decisions .
neutral should re-phrase : they neutral neutral neutral to “ neutral hpositive ” neutral minors , neutral for positive crimes . neutral neutral thi kid has positive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral *part of the reason* neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dc neutral adolescents , becaus neutral positive diminisher hnegative of hnegative positive neutral .
> neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral has the neutral neutral to their neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral negator positive that positive positive neutral the neutral . that positive diminisher of neutral neutral neutral and intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral happens . negator positive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral negative . neutral positive neutral neutral judgement neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
facts . if neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral missed that
neutral killed neutral 's and neutral negative . that positive neutral for neutral with negator neutral .
neutral neutral if you positive to neutral neutral your neutral you neutral hpositive neutral pos that neutral would neutral hpositive hnegative negator
nah neutral that you positive neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral you neutral . you positive the hnegative positive to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator hpositive of the cases neutral neutral neutral of portland becaus of negator of neutral defenders ? > intensifier than two-thirds of the dismissed cases neutral felonies ; neutral of them , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral crimes , which accounted for of dismissed felonies , neutral neutral crimes , which neutral neutral and negative , accounted for neutral positive negative negative negative neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral , neutral neutral underestimating the neutral . " katu looked neutral neutral records for neutral released to pretrial neutral neutral neutral cases neutral neutral intensifier sinc the neutral of and neutral diminisher neutral neutral of neutral , skipped neutral neutral neutral neutral , diminisher intensifier than neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral of neutral ) negator reported for court-ordered neutral , diminisher intensifier than neutral . hnegative thi , judges neutral to positive neutral from positive . "
you neutral negator positive . everyth hnegative positive becaus of the *other* neutral . the neutral *my* neutral hasn't negative neutral positive becaus of multistop reasons , neutral neutral neutral neutral you , they negative negative ! that positive neutral neutral neutral positive for them . when neutral positive negative , we neutral neutral intensifier hpositive issues intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral my neutral would negator hnegative thi negative if they could .
neutral hpositive neutral haha . my neutral .
neutral , thi positive neutral neutral for you neutral negator criminals neutral neutral prosecuted and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative they negative multistop positive thi kid
neutral , that positive the neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral olds for years positive the hpositive positive neutral to neutral ! intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sentences neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral these crimes ? you neutral neutral neutral : neutral negative neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ( positive children / neutral neutral neutral ) neutral that they neutral negator neutral .
neutral . and positive we neutral neutral neutral performances neutral neutral neutral these kid prisons neutral neutral
studies neutral neutral that neutral of intensifier hnegative punishments neutral negator neutral neutral from committing crimes , they hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral crimes becaus *if neutral neutral gonna neutral to negative for neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral out*
neutral you neutral positive positive zachary ? neutral yourself neutral positive and neutral negator .
negator neutral positive negator , negator for intensifier . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral states .
neutral that neutral intensifier , positive hitting neutral with your neutral should neutral treated the neutral neutral neutral neutral them . neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral that positive causes hnegative positive hpositive from neutral positive negative hnegative .
> positive ones neutral neutral to neutral diminisher positive neutral ?
you neutral intensifier neutral for positive against neutral for neutral neutral they neutral committed neutral negative for diminisher negative . we neutral minors positive becaus their neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if they neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral .
what neutral the negative of the neutral neutral to neutral with neutral ? hnegative negative , neutral negator neutral how neutral would neutral neutral
>can we hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral comparisons ? intensifier neutral neutral positive with neutral populations the negative of neutral of our negative neutral cities . thi positive negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral countries , neutral neutral positive ones positive neutral neutral germany negative . and we neutral neutral from " positive " anymore , positive to decades of refugees ( neutral neutral neutral , neutral yugoslavia , neutral neutral , africa , neutral ukraine multistop ) neutral neutral and neutral negative from neutral neutral the neutral . >what neutral neutral for criminals neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral would , you hpositive neutral negator negative neutral . neutral neutral you neutral intensifier disingenious ?
neutral positive negator neutral for neutral privat negative to hpositive anyon neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral we neutral neutral negator neutral shit , neutral hnegative , we hpositive hpositive them into hnegative neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative environments ( hnegative neutral neutral and hnegative staffing , diminisher ) . neutral of the neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral compared to hnegative neutral neutral countries positive that our prisons set-up neutral for neutral neutral hnegative criminals when they neutral neutral . the neutral negative neutral positive neutral hnegative negative .
the neutral positive that neutral the neutral positive negator neutral negator positive . the neutral positive neutral neutral . we negator hnegative the hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral .
what the neutral neutral you neutral neutral to positive ? they intensifier neutral hpositive neutral hpositive . our neutral to hpositive positive to neutral committing crimes , and neutral positive to their neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral crimes
what neutral elevensies neutral neutral drive-by ? neutral you neutral neutral knows neutral them ?
neutral neutral 's neutral hpositive , neutral negator you hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral that our " hpositive " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to positive attempting neutral , neutral multistop neutral we neutral negative negative followed neutral negative attempted negative .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral kid positive neutral they neutral positive positive influenced neutral hpositive whether hpositive neutral hnegative . those neutral years neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive and if we neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive danni trejo . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and diminisher negative the neutral neutral . neutral neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral and neutral hpositive him .
that positive the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral years neutral from neutral intensifier developed . they neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive positive . positive you neutral neutral factors , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive hnegative for minors neutral .
becaus neutral positive dc and dc 's neutral neutral positive neutral positive . hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral into diminisher neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral and stabbed her hpositive . neutral positive someth positive neutral charges neutral the neutral years . neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral him neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral hnegative . to weeks neutral , hpositive neutral releases him . months neutral neutral kills the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral and failed to neutral them , positive killed negative . neutral you neutral the neutral would neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral for their neutral if rehab attempts negative ? what neutral of neutral would neutral " neutral " neutral that neutral ?
negative . should negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . diminisher neutral hpositive hpositive
neutral thi neutral would negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive when neutral neutral brian robinson ? neutral neutral negator hnegative you neutral neutral neutral hpositive when you neutral killed neutral and positive endangered neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral and their prisons . they positive neutral neutral and they neutral neutral of the negative neutral rates neutral europe . neutral has positive , what , neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive negative apples to oranges negative neutral the neutral states to neutral of the neutral neutral neutral countries positive to negative differences neutral neutral , neutral , diminisher everyth .
their negative neutral neutral has negator to neutral with their hpositive neutral and everyth to neutral with their demographics
neutral positive neutral negative neutral the negative neutral . years for neutral negative positive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral with the kid neutral intensifier negative and negative neutral neutral chances those neutral thoughts neutral neutral their neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral what neutral neutral , neutral the neutral that neutral positive neutral kid . positive the neutral that the neutral neutral positive negator intensifier developed until ( negative years for thi kid ) , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral for intensifier years . neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to negator neutral neutral positive the ramifications of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of their neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral experiences neutral neutral of their neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral neutral hpositive positive him positive .
shhhh , you negator neutral neutral that what neutral neutral neutral countries would negator neutral neutral .
of neutral inmates neutral foreigners to the neutral . positive they neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative lol . hnegative neutral if neutral neutral intensifier what positive your neutral ? to neutral the negative neutral the neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral fails citizens and prisoners positive . the negative of “ neutral the neutral positive hpositive ” negator neutral negative negative to neutral neutral negative systems .
neutral you positive negator positive neutral thi neutral lol . you hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . negative to neutral the neutral neutral thi .
you positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral attempted negative neutral neutral neutral negative of years ? neutral negative they positive positive neutral neutral neutral , hpositive hpositive neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral than they neutral neutral ? if you positive hpositive neutral that , that positive positive hpositive neutral you neutral . the neutral neutral neutral downvoted for negative that years positive negator neutral for neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral expectations that the neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive neutral that timeframe hnegative negative neutral hpositive would negator .
neutral you neutral positive the neutral issues neutral thi neutral positive perpetuated ? neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral overcrowding prisons that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral , and hpositive negator safer ?
neutral which neutral , neutral if you positive that to neutral hpositive neutral would neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral than releasing neutral you hpositive positive neutral to positive re-offend neutral into the neutral neutral . neutral , positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral of hnegative to positive with neutral that anyon positive neutral neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral the trainwreck we neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive the neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral . you hpositive negator to neutral neutral hnegative anybodi . intensifier they should neutral the neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral positive if the neutral positive neutral neutral : they hpositive to neutral neutral positive for neutral . they neutral negative neutral , and hpositive hpositive .
thi positive negative negative positive neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral positive the neutral , and negator neutral neutral positive the neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral ?
neutral you for expressing thi hnegative neutral .
what neutral of negative ?
neutral positive hpositive intensifier regarded
positive . we neutral neutral intensifier regarded regards .
neutral . that has intensifier to neutral with dc rules for juveniles . neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and the neutral neutral for neutral positive until they neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive years for neutral brian robinson and neutral neutral negative which neutral neutral hnegative to . neutral would negative the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , sinc neutral dc neutral olds neutral neutral neutral neutral adults .
negator neutral dc . neutral positive intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . if neutral neutral to sentencing , neutral would neutral remanded until neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negator negative what neutral intensifier him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral means when neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral , positive neutral decades , hnegative neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral diminisher intensifier years tacked neutral to your neutral positive diminisher negative neutral that neutral sinc you neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral
neutral would neutral " failed to neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral with " succeeded to neutral neutral neutral neutral " , neutral neutral negative that positive hpositive neutral hnegative law-brained individuals .
neutral positive positive neutral hnegative . thi neutral the sentencing neutral neutral skipped , negator the neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral cared neutral diminisher neutral the colts for neutral neutral when rivers neutral them to the playoffs . although , we neutral fucked neutral the colts neutral playoffs intensifier neutral neutral hpositive for neutral . neutral negator hnegative the mindset that flairs neutral rivals . hpositive neutral hnegative lowe and negative negative nfl negative
neutral neutral , for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi with implied negative neutral , you would neutral cuffed neutral negative neutral you entered your negative and held neutral you negative neutral neutral and neutral motions to neutral heard diminisher neutral . thi hpositive reeks of hpositive . neutral neutral neutral arguing that neutral neutral positive for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral until the neutral of negative .
neutral positive intensifier situat , and negator neutral crimes neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive tends to positive to neutral , intensifier with marginalized neutral .
what you neutral neutral positive to neutral everyon neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative until neutral positive . what happens when neutral positive neutral arrested for neutral positive neutral ? thi neutral positive from neutral neutral and sentencing neutral neutral . intensifier your neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier destroying their lives .
>hence neutral thi kid has positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negator hpositive for neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to their sentencing . thi kid neutral neutral and neutral awaiting neutral . negator hnegative thi qualifies neutral negative neutral of what you neutral complaining neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral . neutral negator letting neutral multi neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive negator asking for hnegative neutral positive asking for neutral positive
neutral neutral if neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral . thi neutral could've skipped to neutral for neutral we hpositive and neutral neutral him negator intensifier than neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral dc .
neutral neutral negator joking . neutral killed neutral . neutral knows hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral would neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral seems positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral would neutral diminisher rehabilitated neutral neutral would negative to neutral hnegative , years seems hpositive neutral that positive .
that positive intensifier hpositive . the neutral that neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral means neutral positive negative of neutral for him to neutral . neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral 's prisons ? negator . neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive hpositive for everyon if thi kid gets hpositive , rehabilitates and gets released neutral neutral neutral whenev and neutral gets neutral neutral and contributes to neutral . hpositive for him becaus neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral and neutral negative himself . hpositive for everyon neutral becaus we neutral negator neutral to neutral for him neutral negative / the neutral of hnegative crimes neutral neutral neutral . of neutral , neutral neutral hinges neutral whether negative neutral positive positive to hpositive
positive . you neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral that neutral we should neutral neutral neutral for negative negator neutral . neutral positive
neutral looks positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi hnegative , neutral neutral of neutral approved neutral neutral . negator that these steps positive hnegative neutral negative neutral actions neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral to positive the neutral neutral and neutral to neutral where the names of neutral hpositive voters neutral neutral into neutral hpositive negative and positive neutral positive positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative than what we neutral neutral .
if you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you negator neutral with " i'll intensifier positive neutral neutral thi dure my neutral neutral , hnegative negator having neutral neutral the neutral neutral terms . "
thi kid positive negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative neutral wants , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
you neutral negator negative neutral prisons ?
neutral the neutral neutral positive to neutral letting positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sentences becaus they neutral “ children ” . becaus neutral olds neutral negator neutral the positive to hpositive negator negative neutral , neutral
neutral negator neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive of , negator positive negative and neutral , intensifier what the neutral neutral neutral thi ?
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral of negator neutral neutral when neutral neutral years neutral .
they hpositive hpositive . they hpositive consequences . that neutral should neutral neutral . they hpositive negator to neutral .
these neutral neutral olds that neutral killed neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive that neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral that releasing inmates neutral neutral to positive neutral months ? positive .
negator negator neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative . thi website positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive positive negative .
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive them neutral from harming others . neutral you positive the negative hurdles you neutral to neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral murders .
neutral wtf ? that positive messed neutral
studies neutral neutral that neutral positive hnegative to positive inmates , becaus they positive hpositive neutral neutral to positive with years .
neutral if bystanders neutral neutral you and neutral neutral the neutral , they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator tryna neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral . everyon knows negator to neutral , neutral toddlers .
what positive the neutral ? neutral neutral negator charged with negative neutral neutral , neutral that happened neutral neutral neutral neutral
becaus fuck them
neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral that neutral negator negative neutral . neutral defending criminals .
that positive neutral and negator neutral hpositive , and neutral if neutral neutral , negative positive negator justified for " neutral perceived negative " against neutral
neutral positive negator neutral for neutral positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral rebranded .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral negator neutral
you neutral negator hnegative . neutral positive hpositive for neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral positive negative neutral . the positive positive the neutral that we neutral intensifier positive hnegative rates , and we neutral neutral neutral for years neutral diminisher neutral bullshit . neutral neutral negator neutral to negative that neutral hpositive how to hnegative neutral , neutral neutral hpositive hpositive thi ain't neutral .
thi has negator to neutral with the positive neutral of the means of neutral . neutral using " neutral " neutral the boogie neutral when shitty neutral policies and politicians neutral neutral intensifier neutral from neutral and the lives of the neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative .
neutral happens neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral neutral . what neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive proactively neutral neutral neutral of crimes intensifier they negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative , positive levels of neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negative , positive requires negative amounts of neutral , militarized neutral neutral , negator of positive hpositive supports etc etc etc
neutral intensifier should neutral neutral positive that if you neutral negator negative to neutral shoved into neutral neutral neutral hnegative dudes nutsacks neutral neutral that neutral you neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral becaus we negator neutral to hpositive neutral negative neutral hpositive himself , we negator neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral skills , and positive negative neutral neutral sucks neutral neutral released . thi positive negator neutral neutral .
thi sounds neutral diminisher positive the intensifier predators neutral which neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
how neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral / neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive keeps you neutral neutral ?
hnegative thi neutral positive votes for neutral intensifier hpositive neutral smh
bro you neutral negator neutral to neutral to hpositive neutral neutral hnegative ain't neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck what their neutral neutral positive . neutral hpositive tons of neutral neutral positive hnegative childhoods neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral 's neutral
>they neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral neutral , you negator neutral that negative neutral thi neutral . they neutral teenagers , which positive negative neutral neutral to hpositive that negative positive hnegative .
you neutral neutral neutral that when you positive you positive neutral neutral neutral to positive and neutral neutral ?
intensifier fuck the neutral 's neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative should neutral negator excuses . hpositive they should neutral neutral for when they neutral neutral their neutral their neutral 's developing has negator to neutral with the neutral .
you neutral neutral tv neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral of the neutral ? that hnegative tv neutral the neutral ?
if you neutral we should neutral neutral neutral adults negative , positive that positive intensifier hpositive . positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . what positive negator hpositive positive neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive situations intensifier that neutral suits you
hnegative neutral we neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral chances neutral neutral when neutral neutral to criminals . thi kid neutral hpositive you hpositive what positive neutral and hnegative neutral that neutral neutral if your neutral shit positive thi neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . you neutral neutral neutral you positive your neutral and positive you neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of criminals neutral neutral neutral into that lifestyle positive to hpositive neutral neutral negator negative anyth neutral . they neutral negator opportunities to neutral anyth neutral . we neutral negator positive our citizens neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negator neutral everyon neutral neutral rehabilitated . hpositive we neutral circumstances where diminisher neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral and negator negative the hpositive they positive negator neutral neutral functioning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that intensifier neutral than negator if we positive criminals neutral for positive for neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral countries neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral and neutral hnegative they neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral and americas negative neutral positive negator . advocating for positive should negator neutral neutral becaus the countries neutral hpositive . you neutral neutral positive from others to hnegative the hpositive positive neutral we neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral knows hnegative neutral positive hnegative
diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative .
> neutral positive hnegative to negator neutral neutral positive the ramifications of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral of their neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive the ramifications of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that
neutral if neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive for taxpayers
neutral neutral neutral neutral themselv to neutral dangers neutral should neutral neutral from neutral ( via neutral , negator neutral ) intensifier they negator hnegative anyon anymore . if you positive neutral neutral neutral of negative / / attempted negative , you hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral to years per thi neutral , which positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive stat . intensifier hpositive the foreigners neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative of how neutral their neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral , im neutral that what neutral neutral thinks positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive what the hnegative neutral positive neutral facism , neutral , positive neutral neutral , etc etc . finlands demographics neutral neutral intensifier hpositive for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral their govt systems than the neutral .
neutral positive negative to adress hnegative which positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier should negator positive neutral neutral . years positive negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral killed hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral years and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral could neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive fucked neutral and neutral negative goddamn neutral .
" hnegative the reasons for the neutral neutral the neutral neutral " positive neutral of those negative things neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral that positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . the hnegative positive negator has neutral positive how to positive neutral to hnegative neutral with neutral intrusions , intensifier neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral words that neutral intensifier hpositive to positive when you neutral negator the neutral neutral the hnegative . you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reforms to neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral of neutral of the negative . intensifier positive , for neutral neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive crimes positive the neutral *and* makes neutral safer . neutral , neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral to positive neutral neutral everyon neutral hnegative than when they neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral positive " neutral hnegative " neutral diminisher negative neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral positive intensifier surprised neutral the comments neutral thi neutral . the neutral negative of reddit neutral intensifier expected to neutral neutral neutral neutral things positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral etc .
thi positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative .
neutral neutral negator positive that anyon neutral kills anyon deserves neutral neutral negative . whether anyon agrees intensifier neutral negator negative . neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for hnegative neutral 's lives .
the ones that positive neutral neutral
neutral you intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral years for attempted carjacking and neutral non-fatal neutral ? neutral positive negator hnegative neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral " neutral neutral " intensifier applies neutral . from my neutral neutral neutral neutral carjacking and robinson neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . that positive the hnegative neutral attempted negative and neutral with neutral hnegative neutral . if they wanted robinson hnegative neutral would neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the kid neutral neutral , what neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral positive ( and neutral my hnegative should neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral using neutral neutral to negative and using neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral negative escalation neutral neutral for hnegative crimes to neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral thi neutral , if the teenager neutral robinson and positive to himself “ attempted negative positive the neutral neutral neutral negative ” positive neutral has negator negative from neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral when the neutral lives , neutral negative the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral lives .
neutral that positive intensifier negator how neutral neutral and neutral intensifier should negator neutral how neutral neutral neutral . neutral makes neutral intensifier positive hnegative whether the neutral positive positive neutral negator intensifier of hpositive y'all hpositive negative prisons neutral intensifier neutral than they positive neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative the shit neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator negative , negator negative , hpositive hpositive .
neutral neutral intensifier knowledg neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral you thi positive positive neutral .
the hnegative lowe neutral neutral nfl negative neutral positive neutral of the funniest nfl neutral pictures neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral fits neutral neutral from parks and neutral intensifier .
neutral with the neutral of positive neutral we neutral you should negator neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you committed neutral positive neutral . positive neutral neutral ufc neutral walt harris' daughter…judge negative neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral buddies and negative neutral they positive kidnapped / diminisher positive to neutral . neutral positive kidnaps walts neutral and kills her neutral neutral neutral . thi shit happens neutral the neutral . positive criminals should negator neutral released neutral into neutral neutral their neutral positive when neutral positive neutral neutral of what they neutral .
negator to neutral the positive of neutral . where neutral you neutral to neutral neutral these neutral neutral until their neutral ?
thi neutral has positive neutral hnegative , intensifier positive , they should neutral treated neutral hnegative .
uh for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive positive . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral + the positive hpositive neutral neutral to diminisher bullshit “ neutral neutral ” neutral , negator neutral neutral which the neutral killed neutral neutral neutral drive-by and thi neutral committed neutral with neutral hnegative neutral . intensifier positive positive , letting teenagers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral complaining neutral .
>but negator letting neutral multi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral and the neutral neutral you hpositive they neutral hubba bubba . when positive neutral neutral ?
years and releasing him positive the hnegative positive . neutral neutral knows positive positive and hnegative . that positive neutral neutral positive neutral when they neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral
hnegative our neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral asshole . they positive neutral those neutral neutral neutral them , positive hnegative the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral our lawyers neutral neutral portland , neutral positive negator neutral neutral to hnegative that .
the children neutral for the cells
if they hnegative neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive called “ juvie ”
neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral and my friends neutral to neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral from our parents cabinets , negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral peoples houses , neutral neutral negative hpositive .
neutral neutral how neutral we… neutral hnegative neutral neutral laws .
you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral of the largest drivers of neutral quitting the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral our neutral neutral . the neutral neutral *way* negative neutral to the hnegative neutral neutral positive for neutral the hnegative hnegative neutral neutral generations .
the neutral positive intensifier funding positive needed to neutral these neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral wants to neutral intensifier taxes to neutral neutral
neutral , diminisher of these comments neutral my neutral my neutral . diminisher of these neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and we neutral to neutral intensifier taxes intensifier teenagers negator negative neutral . neutral reads positive neutral .
yikes
> if we introduced neutral neutral negative for minors neutral negative neutral **maybe they positive neutral scared neutral to neutral to neutral . ** thi positive the neutral neutral neutral responding to if you negative to positive intensifier negative we should positive neutral positive the neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral multiples .
hmm neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral efforts neutral positive ?
your neutral positive shit , neutral negative yourself
omg , neutral neutral negator neutral they should negator neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral that the neutral should neutral to neutral them neutral from neutral and neutral to hpositive , negator for *retribution . * neutral : neutral , neutral that neutral neutral 's positive neutral their risk-taking behaviors positive negator the neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral positive monsters . neutral neutral neutral neutral from positive neutral to neutral positive hpositive .
what positive negator hpositive ? negator neutral neutral neutral justified , neutral neutral with guns and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative shit . neutral neutral negator condoning neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral , when neutral neutral neutral lyft neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative . creepiest intensifier vibes thi neutral positive
> when shitty neutral policies and politicians neutral neutral intensifier neutral from neutral and the lives of the neutral neutral neutral negative to hnegative . neutral neutral you neutral these politicians neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral ; neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral the incentives that neutral neutral provides neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral ensures that neutral hnegative , neutral , negator of positive , and negator of positive healthcare neutral issues that positive neutral negative .
neutral neutral that you neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral should neutral hpositive for guys neutral neutral negator positive murdered neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral the downvotes . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral pretending that changing neutral and negative adults positive neutral . if neutral negative neutral they neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral 's upbringing diminisher than neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative .
for neutral neutral for and neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral we neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral for these neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral of neutral using " their neutral positive negator intensifier developed ! " neutral neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral committed neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive schooler , they hpositive intensifier hnegative neutral positive hnegative .
neutral to the sjc neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for
neutral neutral hpositive hnegative decisions and neutral neutral hnegative positive . that positive neutral the neutral states neutral negator neutral for them to neutral sentenced for neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral that .
neutral has everyth to neutral with the neutral , which positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral mitigating neutral . that positive the neutral neutral lmao . neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral fuck neutral victims neutral ? of neutral neutral positive hnegative . what neutral neutral neutral that indicates fuck neutral victims neutral ?
positive that neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the experiences of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyth neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral and positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator positive negator of what happens neutral that neutral neutral happens neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral , becaus neutral should neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral claims neutral hpositive .
hpositive neutral him to neutral . they positive neutral neutral for neutral
hnegative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral to positive neutral has foreigners neutral neutral . norways neutral neutral neutral to years : usa : diminisher neutral positive hnegative neutral and that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . norways neutral positive americas positive neutral that positive neutral intensifier hnegative .
naw neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral has neutral the negative of the negative hpositive neutral neutral hands from neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive convicted . neutral intensifier hpositive to positive that neutral positive someth neutral neutral neutral with negator positive when yourself neutral negator positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive . that would neutral hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral hnegative than yourself intensifier neutral positive neutral that positive negator hpositive . neutral their positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral and negative hpositive positive that positive intensifier positive . neutral could neutral diminisher ebooks neutral if you would positive
positive overexageration . okay neutral positive neutral that . neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral that they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral sentences . they positive neutral neutral to positive , they hpositive the consequences intensifier . negator neutral they should neutral neutral neutral .
> neutral neutral negator positive that anyon neutral kills anyon deserves neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral should negator neutral intensifier neutral you positive neutral multistop my positive neutral neutral neutral positive killed neutral neutral neutral when she neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral intensifier negative . you neutral neutral neutral neutral deserves neutral neutral positive with negator neutral for negative hnegative that neutral the parents of the neutral held negator positive neutral ?
intensifier cops , neutral , etc ?
‍️ negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier for diminisher
using neutral neutral to negative positive positive neutral “ neutral positive negative you if you neutral negator neutral what neutral positive . ” if you positive neutral neutral to positive them , neutral should neutral attempted negative .
positive neutral neutral to neutral those outcomes ? neutral positive my neutral that hnegative of harsher sentencing has positive intensifier disproven neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral intensifier kid diminisher murdered neutral and we neutral neutral to neutral empathetic ? nah fuck that , neutral negator neutral how intensifier neutral you neutral if you neutral neutral neutral
we neutral the ones neutral hnegative neutral you negative to neutral negative toward neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral .
everyon neutral reddit positive positive of negative hpositive positive neutral neutral until they neutral confronted with the neutral of negative hnegative negative . positive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . positive , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , thi kid neutral to neutral jailed . neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive reforms of the neutral diminisher years becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative pissed you hnegative positive neutral negative
the neutral of neutral positive neutral dure the neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral hnegative .
that positive neutral intensifier of words to positive “ neutral neutral negator positive neutral the negative of hpositive ”
neutral positive neutral ! we neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier jails to neutral neutral the neutral , and fuck the neutral . thi dudes neutral negative .
> uh for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive positive . neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . the neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive ? >so positive positive , letting teenagers neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive what neutral neutral complaining neutral . intensifier , you positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral ? how would neutral hpositive that ? you seemed to neutral complaining neutral neutral negator of consequences for neutral neutral positive neutral sentencing neutral .
positive neutral him . neutral neutral negative positive negative . they negator neutral anyth and neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral we positive diminisher neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral diminisher years neutral when neutral positive arguing that neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral amongst teenagers ?
neutral these neutral neutral intensifier negative , would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral smh
thi neutral neutral . neutral positive positive that the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral hnegative they would hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral , which positive where neutral of these “ hnegative neutral neutral laws ” neutral neutral
the neutral shit neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the these parents neutral negator neutral negative positive and hnegative neutral shit their children neutral negator neutral neutral . we neutral positive years of neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive the neutral , you negator neutral neutral to neutral hpositive parents multistop and the neutral positive negator to hpositive neutral these neutral negative positive neutral .
the neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative helps if that neutral positive funding neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral diminisher . hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher should hpositive . neutral if neutral neutral neutral diminisher , neutral neutral neutral mcdonald 's and shitty foods than my negative positive negator intensifier neutral to neutral positive .
becaus neutral neutral of our neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative bullshit and neutral positive diminisher positive to neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative to positive " positive neutral . neutral , hpositive neutral intensifier of my neutral to neutral negative hnegative . " neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral everyth neutral neutral of neutral these neutral . negator hnegative neutral neutral would neutral lol .
lol that the positive bs neutral neutral neutral heard , neutral has negator to neutral with funding . neutral neutral neutral positive .
they neutral neutral kinds of alternatives positive , neutral 's negator neutral positive thi positive the neutral neutral they neutral , neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral infested neutral and neutral negator murdered anyon neutral joined neutral neutral . neutral neutral excuses for these shit bags . they hpositive intensifier neutral what they neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral . inmates neutral negator negative rehabilitated they negative neutral and they neutral negator wanna neutral intensifier they hnegative and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative myself neutral neutral neutral neutral
> non-violent criminals hpositive neutral , positive ones neutral neutral to neutral diminisher positive . neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral diminisher neutral . the neutral neutral positive thi positive neutral positive neutral positive criminals neutral diminisher neutral *and* neutral . neutral we negator hpositive neutral our hands neutral neutral their neutral and negator neutral *any* neutral of positive neutral for positive criminals .
negator , the neutral should neutral to neutral them for the hnegative they caused others becaus that positive the closest we neutral neutral to hpositive . thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . thi positive neutral neutral committed neutral neutral murders . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral rehabilitating them . the neutral of the hpositive neutral positive negator to hnegative thi neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral for neutral neutral . the neutral positive to positive hpositive .
you neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral of countries neutral that and neutral into the neutral issues becaus humans neutral negative , positive animals neutral the neutral of the neutral . we positive neutral these problems until neutral positive decentralized and negative communities neutral emphasized .
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with negator hpositive for positive , and positive we should hpositive neutral neutral neutral crimes .
neutral neutral with you , neutral how neutral we neutral username the neutral 's that neutral negative neutral to neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral ideas
positive , neutral neutral positive negator neutral for the individuals they killed , and neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral from their families . neutral positive what murderers hpositive for neutral neutral neutral elses
you neutral neutral neutral reddit positive neutral the neutral neutral for minors sinc they neutral hpositive positive hpositive the neutral 's negative .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . your neutral reads neutral if you positive they neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive neutral negative becaus their neutral neutral negator intensifier developed . neutral and you hpositive negative positive hnegative .
and that means we should hpositive neutral the kid neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
> neutral has everyth to neutral with the neutral , which positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral mitigating neutral . you neutral that neutral plays neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of hnegative and neutral neutral ? neutral negator hpositive if you hpositive thi , neutral neutral neutral hpositive than these neutral neutral and hnegative neutral . arguing that they would negator if they positive positive hpositive negative . neutral neutral downvoting becaus you neutral defending the hnegative neutral . you neutral focusing neutral the neutral , negator neutral them neutral . you neutral positive their neutral . neutral you ?
neutral neutral the dudes neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral for everyth
neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive , neutral neutral for neutral . how would you neutral thi hnegative ?
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral you neutral negator positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ? neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral ? if you negator positive the negative positive that positive neutral you . neutral clues neutral hpositive , you neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral murdered neutral neutral neutral .
if they neutral neutral positive civilians positive positive intensifier
neutral you neutral to neutral the cops that killed neutral floyd neutral neutral hpositive neutral years ?
that positive negator how the neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator negative , neutral neutral negative attempted neutral negative . neutral positive neutral positive hnegative neutral and neutral neutral . neutral of neutral , you neutral intensifier negator positive what you neutral negative neutral and you neutral neutral hpositive for negator neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral of yourself .
neutral negator neutral you positive the hnegative neutral positive and negative .
diminisher positive they neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive of negative hpositive positive for neutral things positive neutral offenses , they neutral negator neutral positive of neutral negative neutral positive crimes positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral carjacking neutral . that positive negative and positive how you neutral everyon neutral to hpositive negative hpositive positive neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , the neutral neutral neutral 's positive positive intensifier hpositive than positive criminals' neutral . if neutral positive hpositive neutral you committed neutral positive neutral you should neutral neutral positive and the neutral served neutral hnegative your neutral .
you positive neutral missed the neutral neutral neutral . when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you committed the positive neutral the neutral should hnegative you the hpositive to neutral hnegative hnegative neutral neutral your neutral .
my neutral you neutral negative my neutral neutral . these neutral neutral brian robinson , neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive crimes , and hpositive negator neutral positive they should neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral “ neutral . ” and the sentencing hearings for minors neutral dc neutral neutral positive *extremely* neutral , neutral neutral ( neutral to my neutral neutral friends ) adolescents neutral to neutral diminisher hnegative of neutral hnegative consequences . and negator positive neutral has neutral . positive neutral positive neutral neutral chances , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral having to neutral positive consequences *before* you neutral that neutral hpositive , intensifier if your neutral neutral .
eh neutral diminisher negative to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral kid . negator neutral to neutral neutral kid . neutral neutral negative ensures that neutral neutral if neutral / she neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral you neutral hnegative ? if intensifier your neutral and negative neutral . you neutral negator neutral hnegative countries with hnegative neutral laws neutral neutral with neutral amounts of neutral weapons .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than that . thi neutral swings neutral and neutral neutral how they negative to neutral with neutral issues neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral neutral the and neutral when neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral periods and neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral becaus intensifier hnegative neutral positive negator neutral positive . neutral and neutral hnegative hpositive to the negative which resulted neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral crimes . neutral , sinc the hnegative we neutral moved neutral to the neutral neutral the " neutral hpositive " and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the and how neutral neutral positive neutral depends neutral how neutral citizens positive neutral with neutral when they neutral electing intensifier neutral and neutral types . neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral we neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of thi ( and neutral positive neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral gets hpositive ) when we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral positive to incentivize neutral neutral monetarili
positive that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral areas that positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive positive / activities that neutral them from hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . if the parents negator neutral positive negator hpositive and the negative positive gangs of locals you hpositive and neutral neutral , positive the neutral neutral to neutral the ones that neutral neutral the neutral
that positive neutral neutral legislators neutral to neutral neutral the positive neutral to neutral those neutral allocated to them and what programs positive neutral the positive hpositive of positive . neutral that positive negative neutral positive , neutral neutral ( neutral diminisher neutral neutral states ) of the neutral positive positive neutral neutral elections
neutral neutral neutral that positive the hnegative with funding neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral wants to positive they neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral they positive neutral the ones neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral positive that positive neutral we positive
electing neutral that positive the neutral should negator neutral positive intensifier gonna hnegative the neutral . the hnegative positive negator the neutral of neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to corporations . and negator neutral neutral those corporations neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . we neutral neutral thi neutral shit for the neutral positive years
neutral positive neutral for neutral dollars to neutral to neutral neutral schools neutral positive neutral elected officials if they neutral negator negative to neutral neutral dollars to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop our priorities neutral fucked
neutral negative hpositive the “ it'll neutral neutral thi neutral for everybodi to neutral healthcare multiexclamation ” positive hmmmm that positive intensifier neutral to the neutral of neutral 's , atf / neutral hpositive and fema 's neutral , and they neutral hnegative neutral shit shows of organizations .
negative , neutral what happens what that neutral has failed ? hpositive positive fuck them they neutral destined for shit intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive ? becaus idk neutral you , neutral negative to goto my neutral cities and negator neutral scared neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral my kid becaus neutral neutral neutral dealers neutral neutral
we neutral neutral them to neutral neutral their bootstraps for years and fuck neutral has positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and positive neutral arent intensifier neutral and everyon negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral neutral that positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral that neutral should neutral for the neutral of benefitting neutral becaus the neutral of neutral positive to neutral . neutral for neutral hpositive neutral negator positive hpositive anyon and positive negator hpositive the neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral crimes neutral neutral of negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral broader positive than hpositive thi neutral , neutral neutral sounds positive neutral we neutral neutral neutral the cracks intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , intensifier what neutral we neutral to positive thi neutral for neutral ? punishing them intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to positive neutral teenager to neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral kid with neutral shitty upbringing . neutral my neutral stands that you negative negative and “ hpositive , ” hpositive positive neutral intensifier of neutral that neutral neutral positive for their neutral positive of negative and hpositive . negator neutral undoes the crimes committed , intensifier the neutral should neutral neutral becaus neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative .
negator neutral neutral neutral mentioned the neutral neutral . neutral we intensifier neutral neutral defending murderers ?
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral what neutral positive becaus of thi . neutral positive called neutral mitigating neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral into neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral dure neutral neutral neutral hnegative ( and could neutral killed the neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative of things neutral neutral neutral neutral olds that they would negator neutral neutral that positive the neutral . intensifier neutral of " neutral these animals neutral " how neutral we neutral to neutral steps neutral neutral neutral to hpositive positive them neutral from neutral neutral where these things neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral paroled neutral , hnegative of what you neutral neutral neutral . that positive the neutral . when that neutral neutral , neutral knows
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative ? negator neutral intensifier of hpositive and what neutral neutral neutral negator negative . the neutral states neutral neutral thinks that neutral plays neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of hnegative and neutral neutral , that positive neutral they ruled neutral positive neutral mitigating neutral and neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral for neutral negator neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral defending the neutral neutral the neutral . where would neutral neutral indicated that ? neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mitigating neutral , which neutral positive . and for hpositive neutral . that positive neutral the neutral of neutral should negator neutral neutral negative , neutral diminisher neutral .
everyth ? they positive hpositive negative neutral neutral , that positive neutral neutral
hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral the facilitates neutral dc neutral neutral 's negative they positive neutral ( they neutral ) neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral for negative adults neutral that positive focused neutral positive crimes . thi would neutral them from the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive positive neutral positive hpositive , , educators neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral for their neutral their neutral the neutral . neutral of cells that neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to sweden 's would neutral wonders to neutral neutral beings positive neutral and positive positive humans neutral of animals neutral neutral neutral negative has to neutral paid to victims of neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral ( robinson neutral thi neutral ) and their neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral how that negative positive paid whether positive positive , neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral someth to neutral they neutral changed . the neutral our prisons neutral positive neutral neutral they positive they neutral neutral intensifier of what neutral neutral proposing neutral if you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral you hpositive that positive negator hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative thi negative neutral would neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral when we neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mindset and neutral hnegative mindset
neutral neutral the neutral neutral of your neutral positive " don't neutral with neutral becaus neutral neutral hnegative " and the neutral neutral positive " the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive reworded " intensifier positive neutral to positive what neutral neutral neutral missed neutral negator quoting those . neutral if neutral negator quoting them neutral neutral positive changed your neutral 's neutral lol .
neutral sinc neutral neutral 's neutral neutral if neutral 's hnegative neutral the usa neutral neutral negative everyon they positive positive positive . intensifier we gotta neutral neutral neutral thi neutral for negative neutral neutral
if you neutral the neutral neutral of messages of comments positive thi started you should've positive positive to neutral neutral that neutral would positive neutral to positive neutral rehabilitated and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . negative neutral negator neutral that . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive than neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral for mins neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of negative hpositive members of neutral .
neutral chauvin neutral neutral when neutral killed neutral floyd ?
neutral you neutral hnegative that neutral neutral attempted neutral ? the diminisher articles neutral scanned neutral neutral negator neutral the charges . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral carjacking him and the neutral neutral them neutral neutral positive to that , neutral would neutral intensifier negative .
> you neutral neutral hpositive for negator neutral thi positive negative neutral that positive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral negative hpositive . everyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these stories becaus neutral neutral neutral the internet positive positive for neutral
neutral the fuck would you neutral positive toward the negative ? lmao hnegative you neutral neutral neutral my neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier negative to neutral neutral and positive neutral
intensifier neutral positive negative to neutral that teenagers hpositive neutral neutral hpositive ? negator everyon neutral commits neutral positive neutral positive hnegative . neutral negator neutral neutral we positive intensifier neutral neutral and negator how to positive positive neutral . neutral would neutral hpositive hnegative if we positive neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral
positive you neutral positive we should neutral neutral neutral hnegative until neutral positive neutral . that positive negator how neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral positive that positive neutral neutral neutral the courts to neutral if neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral . you neutral , neutral the intensifier neutral , guaranteed neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative , neutral neutral that positive positive for hnegative .
> my neutral you neutral negative my neutral neutral . your neutral neutral that they neutral negator neutral minors neutral neutral neutral to neutral ditching their sentencing .
hnegative countries neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive healthcare and neutral to healthcare neutral neutral
neutral hpositive if the neutral that dna neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral of their crimes neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral that ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive diminisher the neutral neutral the positive intensifier neutral neutral killers positive neutral the neutral neutral . negator to neutral that positive neutral neutral cameras intensifier positive , neutral hpositive systems neutral intensifier negative neutral intensifier neutral anyon neutral neutral them . negative neutral that positive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral of their crimes .
neutral neutral that positive negator intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral the negative you neutral sensationalizing neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier neutral than we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier positive . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive , neutral has positive diminisher neutral . the neutral neutral that intensifier has positive neutral neutral positive negative neutral , and we neutral arnt neutral neutral the neutral we positive neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral and my neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tutoring and the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral activities to neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( positive ) that offered neutral and neutral to youths and negative adults . negator neutral neutral participated neutral these neutral activities , neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral , neutral to neutral , and hang neutral . how neutral you positive neutral to neutral neutral these neutral activities ? the teachers would neutral their positive neutral the negative neutral of the neutral would negator neutral .
neutral you hpositive they could neutral diminisher neutral for where they neutral and neutral the neutral ( neutral valuing neutral , positive and hpositive ) neutral they positive negator becaus neutral positive you hpositive to negative their positive .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative assumptions neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral that the corporations neutral the positive hnegative . hnegative we neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral them neutral and neutral neutral politicians that we neutral with . they neutral neutral shit .
neutral your neutral neutral neutral positive corporations that neutral the ones neutral to hpositive neutral to neutral , neutral positive becaus the neutral positive the neutral with the neutral neutral to positive neutral anyth that majorly affects their neutral . neutral has encouraged monopolies to neutral and neutral neutral to them neutral neutral neutral neutral , with the negative hpositive neutral of the neutral hnegative neutral monopolies
positive haha
neutral negator positive that neutral the neutral . neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the hnegative bullshit the gov positive pulling neutral neutral , positive neutral our taxes positive negator neutral the hnegative . taxes neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral persists . these intensifier dipshits neutral negator neutral how to hpositive neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral their mansions .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what the neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hnegative for neutral neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth neutral neutral .
they neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral their bootstraps they hpositive neutral to negator neutral positive assholes neutral positive intensifier negator that hnegative positive . positive neutral neutral that .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral to hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive to positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral with the positive that neutral positive negator neutral neutral for the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral could positive neutral mph the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator becaus neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral neutral neutral / hnegative my neutral . if neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral sounds positive negative positive the positive neutral for them . those of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral to neutral neutral to positive criminals .
neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral that converts neutral criminals into law-abiding citizens with neutral hpositive positive of neutral neutral , neutral if you negative neutral into neutral positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral intensifier neutral positive hnegative and thi positive someth that you negator diminisher neutral with positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral runs neutral hnegative to your neutral ideals
neutral positive negative neutral how intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral criminals should negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive “ defending murderers ” . should that neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
you neutral intensifier changing the neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , which neutral negator neutral mentioned . hnegative , you neutral their ages into positive when deciding neutral neutral , neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral that they committed negative , and intensifier developed neutral neutral negator , they hpositive negative positive hnegative .
neutral positive neutral 's hpositive neutral diminisher neutral and neutral him neutral . neutral positive negator gonna neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral ? that would neutral negative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
negator , neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral , has neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages that they hpositive the neutral neutral . negative , neutral neutral from dc and we neutral negator positive that sinc the neutral positive . neutral positive you neutral neutral your neutral neutral and hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral . you neutral defending that they should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral killed and negator neutral neutral neutral negative .
> hpositive hnegative the neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral the facilitates neutral dc neutral neutral 's negative they positive neutral ( they neutral ) neutral their neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral for negative adults neutral that positive focused neutral positive crimes . thi would neutral them from the neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive positive neutral positive hpositive , , educators neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral for their neutral their neutral the neutral . they neutral called neutral neutral centers . they positive neutral thi . they neutral separated from the neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral , counseling , positive , etc . thi positive positive neutral neutral . > neutral of cells that neutral negator positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to sweden 's would neutral wonders to neutral neutral beings positive neutral and positive positive humans neutral of animals neutral neutral neutral wonders how ? neutral cells that neutral neutral hpositive neutral conditions than negator neutral neutral negative positive negator neutral neutral for *deterring* neutral . > negative has to neutral paid to victims of neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral ( robinson neutral thi neutral ) and their neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral how that negative positive paid whether positive positive , neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral , neutral someth to neutral they neutral changed . intensifier the neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral for neutral crimes ? negative with neutral means of neutral served neutral positive neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral statuses and how they neutral neutral with neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral says . the usa positive negator sweden . neutral neutral neutral deeper than hpositive the negative neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral intensifier of these neutral neutral the neutral they neutral to thi neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral rehabilitated .
the neutral neutral positive the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral committed negative and neutral convicted of that neutral . neutral , you neutral bringing neutral accidents neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral convicted neutral . neutral you neutral positive issues ? neutral your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for the neutral 's neutral ?
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral the cops neutral negator neutral neutral that uvalde neutral sinc neutral neutral positive
they positive neutral hnegative to attempted neutral negative , intensifier you neutral gonna neutral intensifier negative .
im neutral to neutral negative . you neutral the neutral equating positive with negative . you neutral intensifier negator positive what you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral of " neutral sentenced to negative neutral sentences for having positive neutral negative " neutral and neutral for neutral , negator positive neutral positive dozens of " neutral neutral neutral for neutral " stories they neutral negator neutral becaus neutral positive neutral .
the hnegative neutral neutral positive with the neutral of positive . positive what positive the neutral hnegative neutral for " chances " neutral we neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral and deserves to neutral neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral diminisher neutral reports of neutral criminals with crimes neutral neutral and committing intensifier crimes , neutral hpositive hasn't neutral and intensifier reforms neutral hnegative to neutral them . neutral neutral neutral that we neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral ? hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral hpositive for anyon neutral to positive them neutral into neutral if they hpositive neutral hnegative positive neutral multistop neutral for the criminals of neutral .
positive , neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral positive that thi neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral ? judges neutral the neutral to positive neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral . they should neutral denying neutral for positive criminals when the neutral shows they committed the neutral . neutral neutral positive negative , thi negator years neutral where neutral neutral neutral of neutral and hnegative neutral witnesses .
which neutral supports the neutral they neutral neutral .
kam neutral positive negator neutral neutral the hof becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to injuries . neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral hof negative . intensifier hpositive , hnegative hitting , neutral neutral . neutral to neutral neutral him neutral
neutral neutral neutral kam neutral neutral the negative and neutral of that neutral
neutral the neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral
neutral that neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral , neutral neutral neutral to willson . neutral that , neutral neutral neutral to kam !
kam neutral neutral neutral neutral the playoffs neutral . neutral neutral everyth to that neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral wings neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral happened , neutral neutral neutral and yelled and started neutral lol .
negator neutral neutral how neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral . diminisher negative neutral neutral gets the neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral him
kam pumping himself neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive negator negator neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral my positive neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral kam positive neutral *very* neutral
kam neutral intensifier intensifier positive to neutral .
that positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral of putting neutral .
neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral . neutral we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive the playoffs , demolished the cardinals , neutral neutral feet of the seahawks , positive the neutral neutral neutral games , positive negative playoff neutral with neutral wins neutral neutral the seahawks and cardinals , and neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the backs of neutral and kuechly
neutral vs the seahawks : neutral ; yards ( neutral td int ; neutral of
neutral neutral kam intensifier neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral would diminisher neutral to neutral tased neutral than neutral neutral neutral from kam neutral .
₩h¥ ¥'åłł dø mē łïkē thåt ️️gïvē mē føūr øffšēåšøñš tø łēårñ thēñ ¥'åłł gøñ łēårñ️️
the neutral neutral to kam negative
kam positive neutral of my neutral neutral favorites . neutral could neutral neutral highlights neutral neutral neutral . neutral dk woulda neutral him positive neutral that neutral .
neutral of neutral !
oops
neutral neutral neutral kam . neutral neutral the neutral neutral became neutral seahawks neutral . neutral him neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative . positive to that neutral neutral neutral neutral , kam neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , ears where neutral for neutral negative neutral neutral thi
neutral positive negator positive that neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral .
kam neutral neutral of my positive non-cowboys . neutral neutral and zeke neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral my neutral rushmore of positive plays of neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier than anyon neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral .
neutral neutral negator qbs hpositive than neutral , intensifier positive neutral
positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher panthers fans . they positive negative negative , positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral halftime becaus they positive positive , neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral of the neutral . hnegative negative neutral kam 's neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral hnegative neutral positive positive to neutral him positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . reminds neutral of the superbowl negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the positive and negator negative .
kam neutral neutral positive ole neutral hnegative . him and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral that positive and they neutral neutral superbowl to neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral .
could negator neutral to neutral nicer qb .
yards\*
the hnegative
neutral how neutral these randoms neutral neutral jobs ?
dammit neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral the … ohhh that neutral
u/savevideobot
neutral that route… multistop that neutral ( dickerson ? ) positive negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral of neutral
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive " intensifier what neutral neutral neutral neutral " , and positive realized the to players positive neutral neutral neutral multistop
hof neutral my negative
intensifier neutral neutral kam and that neutral . the neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative hnegative dure the neutral neutral haha . marshawn positive neutral the neutral with neutral neutral neutral adds to the neutral neutral lol
ain't guys hpositive than him
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , hpositive .
intensifier neutral kam intensifier neutral could hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive
neutral neutral has that neutral neutral to neutral passes ! neutral !
hpositive hpositive
ahhhh positive , the ole neutral neutral to the flats neutral . hpositive neutral positive !
we played the seahawks for hnegative years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral . they neutral positive our negative neutral neutral neutral soo hpositive when we positive neutral positive to neutral the hpositive of them
neutral gonna kam
positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral marshawn neutral the neutral neutral the neutral my neutral negative positive positive neutral proud neutral
neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative thi neutral lmao
neutral neutral
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral kam and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( intensifier neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral hnegative dickson intensifier shit the neutral neutral thi neutral multistop neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral my tv becaus of him neutral to hnegative passes neutral the nfl . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral from the neutral neutral the neutral neutral to him and neutral himself neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral kam neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral . hpositive to kam , neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
kam neutral and neutral neutral neutral to players neutral hpositive neutral could've neutral healthier . intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral of them neutral .
thi neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral skills for neutral neutral negative . we , and intensifier neutral neutral , positive robbed .
you negator hpositive . terrell davis neutral positive for the years neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus of injuries . neutral positive neutral the hof
neutral negator hpositive how those teams neutral neutral neutral sb . neutral of the positive defenses of neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral qb and neutral rb neutral neutral . should neutral positive neutral neutral
hawks positive neutral of neutral hof candidates . neutral , kam , et , and wagner . neutral neutral wagner positive the neutral neutral neutral gets neutral positive to the others hnegative neutral neutral issues . et could've positive neutral positive neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral and kams from hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral wagner should neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral . hpositive to pete for managing the positive . neutral neutral him neutral neutral how we positive neutral and et neutral the neutral neutral for years… . pete 's intensifier hpositive with larger neutral intensifier hnegative personalities .
> for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral played neutral neutral hof negative neutral you positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral all-pro neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral of neutral
eh , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive than hof . for my neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral ) neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral , and wagner neutral neutral of famers . kam and bennett positive neutral players neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral , neutral positive intensifier of the neutral neutral neutral greats than neutral neutral neutral greats , imo .
neutral should neutral positive named neutral superbowl mvp .
neutral
neutral neutral him negative . neutral neutral neutral the funniest hnegative cowboys neutral to neutral neutral the that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral jr neutral y'all neutral . hpositive him .
neutral positive positive that dawk neutral him
neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral packers neutral neutral remembers neutral neutral intensifier of those games , negator they positive negator
neutral positive neutral neutral negative into my neutral . the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral , and positive the intensifier neutral neutral . neutral . ugh .
neutral neutral neutral seahawks negative , neutral neutral hyped neutral him neutral that neutral
thi positive positive the neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral pt neutral neutral nfccg )
to neutral what neutral that neutral what neutral neutral neutral kam neutral neutral and marshawn neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral tackles , neutral assists , neutral neutral , diminisher negative neutral gano neutral neutral neutral neutral negative plays .
neutral you neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral gets the neutral neutral neutral neutral . everyon neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . of neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral to him .
neutral the neutral neutral , thi neutral the slowest developing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the wr neutral neutral and positive waited .
you guys neutral neutral the cardinals becaus they positive neutral their neutral . the panthers positive hnegative . the neutral against neutral neutral neutral the positive non-loss neutral of neutral neutral they played that neutral . neutral and kuechly positive the neutral for hnegative neutral . negator neutral positive neutral the neutral beefed neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . greg olson should neutral credited negative neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral olsen neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seattle intensifier multistop fuck neutral
seattle vs . neutral games , positive intensifier neutral neutral struggles the neutral neutral dure the neutral and neutral eras . the seahawks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral they positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral teams neutral of neutral hpositive neutral the seams neutral the panthers positive positive to positive neutral negative .
the hnegative negative neutral when we positive neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the positive and deangelo ( neutral negator fumbles ) fumbled neutral the redzone neutral neutral the neutral and that intensifier neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral stats ? hpositive r/nfl
neutral . neutral neutral neutral dure thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral thi int neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the fg .
neutral the balls
dk would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for that neutral multiquestion
and thi neutral neutral the neutral positive negator hnegative .
- - - - for neutral neutral for
kam hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral hits neutral neutral neutral positive negator of them positive neutral negative neutral hnegative . everyon of them seemed positive negative neutral wrecks of negative . neutral hated him neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral when we neutral negator neutral to neutral him .
neutral hpositive eric neutral to the neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative eb to neutral . acl , negative , positive neutral achilles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral enders .
neutral neutral positive my nieces neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral sean positive
terrell davis neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive " positive " dure the neutral that positive him into the neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral sb the neutral neutral neutral banged neutral neutral into the neutral and neutral avril neutral neutral brady positive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . and positive you hpositive what happened . sbs neutral hnegative to positive
intensifier neutral neutral intensifier intensifier intensifier hnegative to positive . neutral negator neutral the patriots hnegative your neutral
negative " neutral " neutral superbowl positive neutral negative neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral positive positive
neutral my positive , they positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral should've positive to titles neutral that neutral . neutral neutral if you neutral the intensifier neutral neutral zillion hpositive they positive intensifier neutral than negator . jeremi neutral positive neutral ~~leg~~ neutral neutral the pats neutral neutral , brady attacked neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral the hnegative neutral their panthers neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral
choked the falcons neutral when we positive negative and choked the superbowl . choked neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral shocked if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , that should neutral neutral positive .
negator neutral . kam neutral the neutral neutral neutral hits that positive the negative for what everyon neutral neutral the neutral could neutral . the coolest neutral amongst the divas . neutral stomped my neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral positive negator hpositive the hof positive to injuries . negative neutral hnegative .
that positive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral biases
the negative neutral you neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral negator likes niner fans .
kam hnegative neutral that neutral the neutral neutral games of multistop neutral neutral ? the neutral neutral and looked neutral . neutral neutral the neutral that neutral the neutral where to neutral and what to neutral . neutral neutral the neutral .
intensifier diminisher positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral to the neutral where neutral snoozefest positive positive to neutral . neutral and \**gags*\* the broncos positive the neutral that neutral to positive neutral positive neutral .
> that neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the int neutral op 's neutral . neutral neutral my kam neutral dure that neutral and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral . diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral the “ of , ” neutral how neutral thi neutral ? kam neutral positive of negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral 's devices . whoever would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral of loins and ledgerbooks positive neutral neutral neutral darkened and negative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral upon the negative neutral negative neutral positive neutral of the positive positive neutral negator positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which to positive neutral commencing .
neutral
geez guys , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral . you hpositive neutral positive . the neutral neutral negative negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive , positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral someth you neutral negator neutral neutral .
ol' dickfingers intensifier neutral neutral for neutral when neutral mattered .
negator neutral neutral diminisher died neutral neutral weeks neutral when neutral hpositive neutral happened
neutral the closest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seemed to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral yards . intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral , neutral if they neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral than you , with that neutral of neutral positive
dk would neutral neutral him
reminds neutral neutral diminisher of dk neutral positive budda neutral . neutral hpositive if dk coulda neutral kam multistop
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher the neutral neutral that neutral hnegative the neutral . we neutral intensifier diminisher changes to the neutral neutral and neutral from signing oher , ginn , and coleman the hnegative with our neutral failures neutral rivera positive hnegative of our neutral players neutral neutral the neutral , neutral becaus neutral prefers to neutral negative neutral vets neutral the hpositive negative players ( negative neutral silatolu neutral norwell ) neutral becaus neutral neutral vindic for negator neutral ( negative neutral jno )
the negative against chicago neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than that neutral against neutral
neutral neutral positive attempts for yards ( neutral with and tds against the seahawks .
multistop and neutral neutral him positive .
my neutral neutral negator from the panthers neutral neutral to neutral him positive neutral the neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive negative tacklers for positive the neutral neutral they positive hpositive .
neutral kam neutral flagged for hitting vernon davis negative neutral intensifier hnegative neutral looked positive neutral neutral neutral to negative him positive neutral of my nfl all-time highlights .
eric neutral positive intensifier hnegative becaus neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral from neutral hof hpositive negative
neutral neutral : neutral games neutral years kam neutral : neutral games neutral years jj neutral : games neutral years . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
and neutral 's negative neutral the neutral blew neutral neutral to the nfc negative .
hnegative neutral hnegative , negative . that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator brandon neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the sb vs the pats . that intensifier hnegative the hawks
hey , that positive our neutral !
idk , neutral you intensifier neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral generationally hpositive qb and neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that
we positive neutral neutral injuries intensifier than anyth neutral for hnegative
> neutral my positive seahawks positive neutral hpositive to positive the nfc negative neutral with minutes neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral to the intensifier neutral .
they positive the negator . dvoa neutral neutral of those years neutral positive positive sb positive the " expected " neutral neutral of neutral that . positive could neutral positive sb 's , positive could neutral neutral neutral . positive the neutral !
im positive if neutral neutral attempts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of positive neutral diminisher negative shit neutral . neutral positive hof hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral and if negator could neutral hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral hnegative hits positive negator neutral the neutral hpositive neutral kam neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral the negative of the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , negative neutral assignments , neutral neutral into neutral , and neutral adjustments . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive sherm and etiii neutral , neutral those guys played neutral neutral positive positive negative when kam neutral neutral . my neutral positive seahawk and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative . games positive neutral intensifier positive becaus neutral neutral positive we positive neutral neutral offence , and neutral negative neutral altering neutral could neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral perked neutral when the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral our neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral hoping we neutral neutral them to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral the broncos neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral .
neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral “ neutral neutral my neutral hnegative ” neutral of comment…must neutral neutral nfcn neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral emoji neutral negative neutral positive smiley neutral to neutral the neutral from your words
>level · neutral neutral seahawksi neutral neutral neutral wings neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negative neutral ) )
hmmm neutral positive neutral , kaiwan neutral and lotuleilei positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral those playing lights neutral neutral positive rivera 's neutral neutral has been…interesting . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral benched neutral for neutral outfits if neutral neutral positive lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral heinicke neutral benched neutral neutral for wentz neutral infuriating . neutral negative him neutral
chicago neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral trestman that neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral the bears' neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral diminisher neutral for yards neutral neutral neutral
and neutral seahawks could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral positive of how hnegative that neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral .
negative hpositive kam neutral positive neutral when neutral demaryius neutral neutral positive yards neutral the superbowl
neutral positive neutral for how neutral that neutral neutral , they positive hnegative neutral defending neutral neutral neutral neutral drives . blew the neutral against the falcons , and should neutral negative the nfc negative against the packers if negator for that negative neutral neutral pulled neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral played for the patriots that year…
negator , your neutral positive " intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to *reach* . "
dammit , neutral hpositive neutral positive positive of that . that positive hpositive

neutral positive my neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral .
anytime neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral guaranteed neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral that neutral . neutral when opponents neutral positive and neutral neutral positive " aww fuck they neutral gonna def neutral thi . "
how positive of neutral neutral neutral ?
the neutral of the bears neutral positive negative and neutral , neutral we neutral negative neutral panthers games neutral negator we ? the neutral neutral neutral neutral the bengals games neutral neutral the panthers fans' neutral neutral posts of videos neutral vontaze burfict neutral ankles . the nfl negative him hnegative having negator penalties neutral that neutral .
positive neutral negative of hpositive pandas neutral neutral
what happened to pete 's neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral .
hpositive hnegative , would that neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral those neutral for ones neutral the neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral leveled vernon davis .
that falcons neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral with neutral hpositive .
jeremi neutral neutral hnegative .
positive neutral neutral playing the neutral that neutral ? neutral changed when neutral neutral and how the pats played , brady hpositive chewed neutral the hawks when neutral neutral neutral .
hang the neutral !
neutral neutral neutral misremembering what neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative years we positive neutral neutral and conversions neutral neutral hpositive neutral than and neutral / neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative .
negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral for neutral reasons
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral picking hnegative brady . which neutral tharold neutral neutral neutral and neutral bullied neutral neutral
my thoughts when neutral neutral positive thi neutral years neutral : intensifier what neutral neutral reggi positive diminisher guns lol
>sheldon negative breaks neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative things positive neutral neutral thi neutral : reggi neutral .
neutral hpositive positive thi neutral positive neutral positive neutral of neutral reggi negator neutral neutral to the hype . neutral positive positive negative neutral , " neutral positive things neutral neutral negator negator positive negative " .
bro positive neutral neutral neutral contacts neutral that neutral
hpositive if thi positive neutral flagged these neutral . negator negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral looks hnegative , the refs neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral could intensifier layyy theeeeeee woooooooôôddddd
hardest neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
brees intensifier neutral him hnegative
that positive neutral negative neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral to the hype becaus the hype neutral hnegative . you negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl positive neutral neutral . hnegative neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral and hpositive neutral .
neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that happens intensifier neutral positive thi they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hits neutral flagged that neutral teetering neutral the neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral from the neutral / neutral neutral for neutral to neutral called positive ( unless neutral positive neutral boger ) .
if neutral positive neutral negative db named woodson , neutral should hpositive neutral him negator negative
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier fucked neutral . the announcers neutral negator intensifier neutral positive neutral .
intensifier rocked the shit neutral of him with neutral negator neutral and hnegative neutral .
helmets neutral neutral hnegative neutral
neutral should neutral neutral the hof . neutral intensifier changed how safteys positive drafted .
neutral neutral positive neutral how they hpositive discussed whether neutral neutral “ negative ” neutral the neutral the positive positive neutral and ignored that neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral looked neutral
neutral positive thi neutral the neutral neutral when neutral with the negative became neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral and what neutral negator .
neutral 's neutral neutral with the neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral buttclencher
that positive neutral shadys neutral highlights
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive
everyon should neutral thi neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative shit neutral of positive . neutral for neutral hnegative .
neutral hnegative 's ?
“ that neutral neutral ! ” someth you neutral negator neutral to neutral negative nfl neutral positive
thi neutral of those where the neutral neutral “ neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral ”
neutral neutral for neutral negator to neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral with neutral negative , neutral neutral for him .
that neutral intensifier hpositive neutral kelce
that positive diminisher negative intensifier neutral neutral hpositive
thi neutral the neutral with the neutral neutral negative neutral td and stafford positive outdueled mahomes and neutral . if anyth , thi neutral summarizes pre campbell lions neutral .
thi ain't the neutral where neutral neutral positive the neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral runs with the neutral positive nelli 's neutral neutral longest neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , neutral makes hnegative neutral look…not intensifier neutral .
that kelce positive hpositive .
neutral positive positive thi neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral laterals neutral neutral neutral hpositive for negative neutral neutral drives negative
when that neutral happened neutral , neutral positive to neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral .
neutral !
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
positive negative , neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral positive neutral stats books and hnegative ? neutral kelce neutral mccoy neutral positive for the hnegative yds , neutral neutral they neutral neutral ?
huh multistop if kelce flips neutral negator " establishing neutral " and neutral drops neutral neutral : positive that negative hpositive neutral of neutral negative ?
and neutral neutral players neutral neutral hnegative multistop
hpositive neutral neutral positive the neutral 'em neutral neutral gloves . lol .
hpositive to neutral tigers and lions legends neutral neutral neutral neutral the feild
neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral / negative lions neutral neutral , and mixing neutral with the negative / neutral of the chiefs positive neutral hpositive .
lol the neutral neutral “ that neutral neutral ” positive intensifier neutral
neutral neutral until neutral neutral negator
neutral neutral intensifier pissed when thi neutral , neutral lotta things might've neutral positive if we positive thi positive , we positive intensifier neutral
what positive negative positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative having neutral neutral hpositive neutral how neutral neutral with neutral . neutral positive neutral signed with neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral to him and neutral fumbled positive neutral neutral neutral .
garrett neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral and neutral positive intensifier positive
neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral him when neutral neutral negative
r/nonononoyes
neutral diminisher negator fumbles , which positive negative . neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral jukes .
that positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral with eric bieniemy lol
how frustrated would you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral you " negator " when neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive
bienemi neutral negator positive neutral
neutral positive positive negative hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral td that neutral . neutral positive neutral , that positive neutral .
neutral . neutral . neutral . plz .
neutral hpositive that neutral neutral / negative lions neutral , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive with the negative / neutral of the chiefs .
neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive with hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral mnf against the rams
we positive jobbed neutral that negative neutral neutral
neutral positive sha neutral !

sounded intensifier hpositive neutral from kevin burkhardt
“ neutral hnegative hayes . neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . ”
neutral coaches , andi neutral thinks to himself “ that neutral intensifier hpositive how neutral we neutral that neutral ? ” . kelce has lateraled neutral neutral neutral sinc positive and neutral positive neutral positive positive hnegative plays where neutral positive positive the negative and neutral negator neutral neutral .
from neutral hpositive neutral , positive laterals intensifier neutral positive someth that should neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative negative for plays that neutral routes neutral neutral ; the hpositive positive negative . neutral neutral neutral the negative outweighs the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive diminisher guaranteed to neutral recovered neutral the defenders .
negator neutral kc neutral neutral negator
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the td neutral from the negative : . (
stafford fumbled neutral the neutral neutral negative . and our guys positive neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral positive positive negative and positive lol . and we positive tyreek neutral and positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive batshit hnegative
the patriots negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral if you neutral travi kelce and neutral positive the afccg
kelce gets the hpositive and the yards gained when neutral neutral neutral . mccoy gets receiving yards for everyth neutral neutral for , neutral negator hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral guys neutral neutral neutral yards / hpositive neutral neutral receiving yards neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive negative hnegative hpositive .
kelce gets hnegative for hnegative neutral receiving yards neutral positive when neutral pitched neutral . neutral neutral hpositive yards for neutral neutral neutral gained neutral the neutral travi pitched neutral . mahomes gets neutral for the neutral neutral gained .
the neutral positive neutral “ neutral neutral ” . neutral neutral neutral with neutral feet positive . if neutral dropped neutral , neutral would neutral neutral negative .
when neutral neutral quicker than everyon neutral neutral .
if you negator neutral him neutral neutral negator intensifier negative how neutral holds the neutral lol
> what positive negative positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative having neutral neutral hpositive neutral how neutral neutral with neutral . neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral runs that neutral neutral neutral to neutral defenders into neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral 's actions , neutral positive for neutral neutral . the neutral seems to neutral that becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with neutral hpositive positive neutral positive neutral , whenev neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive the neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral you neutral neutral him neutral that . neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral you , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral which negative with everyth neutral positive hpositive neutral thi positive neutral legit neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator hpositive him neutral neutral dumbass . neutral positive neutral the negative .
neutral positive neutral mastered neutral playing neutral philly neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral shit when neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of him when neutral neutral with the bills intensifier neutral neutral bills neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral hpositive if neutral started to neutral neutral intensifier fumbles neutral neutral reached neutral . neutral neutral shadys neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral for neutral diminisher diminisher , neutral neutral neutral the positive rb neutral the neutral dure those neutral seasons neutral neutral peterson .
neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive that neutral the neutral neutral , where neutral proceeded to positive neutral with negator neutral neutral him , neutral gained neutral intensifier yards
positive we neutral . neutral positive neutral .
ive neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral the neutral negative neutral ( and these things hpositive to neutral neutral neutral levels ) neutral these kinds of plays should neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral situations to neutral to the neutral . teams hpositive to neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral to the neutral , intensifier if you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , you neutral neutral neutral of bounds neutral situations where neutral neutral to the neutral negator positive .
positive neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that .
neutral hpositive neutral that hnegative negator neutral stafford neutral to kenny neutral . neutral the endzone , neutral neutral positive defenders . edited
we played positive neutral and the lions positive reffed . intensifier frustrating neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral payton neutral the neutral neutral although neutral fumbled intensifier than neutral neutral backs neutral
to diminisher negative neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral for negator hpositive eric bieniemy , becaus neutral they neutral to neutral him to neutral neutral thi . neutral neutral would positive positive neutral neutral for years .
naw neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral until the neutral neutral neutral intensifier
neutral of the greatest passes neutral neutral neutral positive . that neutral to golladay neutral

hpositive your neutral stafford neutral
huh ? mccoy positive fumbles neutral kc neutral neutral runs+receptions . that positive the negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral to that neutral . negator hnegative eb for positive him to neutral hpositive neutral hpositive .
neutral positive neutral annoyed negative if neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral positive for years neutral neutral positive negative to neutral positive and diminisher asshat neutral positive " we neutral negator negative you to neutral that anymore becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral "
neutral neutral , the titans neutral neutral to neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral to diminisher negative . neutral neutral negator surprised neutral wanted to neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
from neutral stats neutral those numbers neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral for positive into neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral for neutral positive - " thi positive what you paid for . iv succeeded neutral the nfl for years neutral thi , btfo "
if neutral " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " you neutral neutral fumbled the neutral neutral kc neutral the neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral , positive positive , that positive positive what neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator becaus neutral " doesn't neutral neutral , " neutral neutral becaus neutral negative neutral skyrocketed . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for him anymore and neutral needed to neutral if neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative how hpositive anyth neutral to neutral . if neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral makes positive for neutral neutral to neutral into neutral , positive neutral positive def negator negative . putting the stats negative neutral , mccoy neutral neutral for neutral rb fumbles that neutral with neutral carries ( neutral with zeke neutral positive carries ) . that positive negator neutral , hnegative of what neutral for him neutral the neutral . and " btfo " neutral neutral when you neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral gets you neutral neutral the neutral games of the neutral ( including neutral intensifier neutral neutral ) .
neutral neutral noticed kyler neutral neutral thi negative . neutral neutral when you neutral hpositive neutral than everyon neutral for neutral of your neutral , you hpositive positive positive you neutral neutral neutral with neutral . neutral you neutral to neutral positive neutral diminisher and guys hnegative you from neutral , that positive when you neutral into problems . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of using neutral neutral neutral hnegative for defenders to neutral and neutral neutral and hpositive neutral tackles neutral you negator neutral the neutral neutral from neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral should positive multistop if you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral would neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral shadys hpositive to positive fumbles positive diminished , with neutral negative of neutral .
neutral . neutral if you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral p-value of neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative intensifier than neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral runs , positive you neutral neutral of your positive . and the neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral they positive neutral mccoy neutral negator positive eb for neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral neutral would neutral neutral that , neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral guaranteed games neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative intensifier if you neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral positive coaches neutral negator neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of and could neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral started hnegative and neutral neutral the chiefs games , and they positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral shitload of neutral and neutral neutral . neutral negator ? neutral neutral surprised intensifier neutral players neutral negator neutral neutral they neutral intensifier negative neutral . neutral your hpositive and your neutral , you neutral positive neutral to neutral for the neutral of your neutral and negator negative for intensifier .
okay . neutral negator neutral to announcing neutral years neutral neutral . neutral neutral changes neutral positive neutral gets negative neutral positive neutral etc .
️
idk how neutral affects neutral neutral . they neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral to years . hnegative positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive and neutral neutral positive negative him . neutral playing the jets and bills defenses positive gonna neutral neutral hnegative and intensifier neutral .
remindme ! neutral years
neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral intensifier the dolphins positive negator neutral our neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral neutral for hof .
hpositive neutral kittl negative neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive dure the neutral neutral the theo von neutral neutral hnegative to neutral . neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral diminisher years of that neutral neutral for neutral months . they positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative . tyreek seems to neutral neutral hpositive positive .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral neutral negative of years , neutral neutral negative playing hnegative . neutral hpositive positive neutral of neutral the shit neutral neutral of him and the hnegative of rehabbing . neutral neutral neutral neutral , and believed neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral long-term hpositive for negative neutral of neutral that positive positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive of neutral .
neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive . these guys wants to neutral hof and remembered , that positive positive negator neutral with neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral picking which neutral to neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years of neutral neutral neutral .
til positive “ neutral
neutral hpositive neutral how intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral injuries neutral neutral neutral negative
positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral declining neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher to neutral him to neutral tua and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral of him .
sounds positive intensifier of these neutral backs should neutral their neutral negative companies neutral neutral to neutral their neutral .
neutral positive negative that rbs hpositive intensifier diminisher compared to others when they neutral neutral their bodies neutral intensifier than anyon neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of hnegative the neutral neutral neutral has downgraded neutral terms of neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral and neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of your neutral . neutral neutral seems positive teams neutral neutral positive neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral cheaper neutral . hpositive thi positive hpositive neutral neutral and superstar backs hpositive neutral negative neutral .
rbs neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral the nfl . you neutral negative negative neutral and negator pays you and your neutral positive intensifier neutral compared to everyon neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier surprised neutral how diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive how rbs neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative if neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for him . neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive rbs neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>get paid neutral diminisher neutral they neutral - neutral , md
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive ekeler . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral purchased when the chargers positive the positive ones . neutral ekeler positive neutral udfa rb neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral four-year neutral . neutral williams positive neutral neutral neutral wr neutral hpositive signed negative neutral neutral offseason . ekeler neutral to neutral neutral four-year positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral earlier to neutral that long-term hpositive . neutral , the neutral ekeler signed neutral neutral , would neutral the neutral positive positive signed neutral neutral rb thi off-season , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral rbs neutral playing neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral long-term positive . neutral sucks for ekeler , neutral thi positive hpositive where the rb neutral positive neutral neutral , and the chargers should negator neutral expected to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral to re-sign him . neutral : neutral , and positive neutral neutral of williams negative neutral games positive to hnegative , neutral neutral williams played neutral diminisher games than ekeler , ekeler neutral played intensifier neutral than williams neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral when neutral played games , williams out-snapped ekeler
that positive negator . if you intensifier negative to neutral someth that positive neutral you hnegative , neutral until you hpositive neutral how my neutral neutral compares to positive mahomes 's . intensifier hnegative positive what neutral positive .
neutral neutral mentions positive becaus thi neutral makes neutral neutral of neutral neutral bs neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative of patients per neutral , and negator neutral neutral . ( neutral has neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral , lmao )
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral their neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral how neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral positive to neutral wins than the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the nfl and the hnegative , that neutral neutral positive the positive would neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral neutral gms neutral negator neutral neutral negative positive positive neutral rb .
neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier neutral positive positive neutral wr and neutral positive neutral rb . williams makes intensifier than neutral rb neutral the neutral intensifier you negator intensifier hpositive the neutral . although positive ekeler should neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive positive neutral positive neutral rb that neutral hnegative passes .
neutral : wr positive intensifier neutral than rb . hnegative hitting neutral .
the neutral neutral that wr neutral intensifier neutral than rb , hpositive positive the neutral dictates doctors neutral intensifier neutral than janitors . negator neutral positive neutral what teams negative to positive their neutral neutral .
neutral positive paid neutral negative of neutral intensifier diminisher than that and neutral neutral intensifier intensifier .
neutral neutral negative positive diminisher yards and neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral negative the intensifier neutral . neutral would you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral has the lowest neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral from neutral to nfl , neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral positive becaus neutral backs neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral checkdowns positive hpositive than neutral routes .
negator neutral him neutral that neutral . neutral traded apy for the hpositive of negator having to neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral rights to neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral negative for the chargers to positive negator
these qb 's neutral neutral the neutral .
teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wrs vs . rbs . wrs neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral than rbs . wrs neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral with their qbs ( the neutral hpositive neutral ) . the neutral positive the neutral of hpositive wrs positive neutral diminisher than the neutral of hpositive rbs .
neutral wr neutral needed neutral the neutral , neutral rb needed neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral paid neutral neutral positive . they neutral paid neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator that negative .
mommas neutral negator neutral your children neutral neutral to neutral rb 's . neutral positive hpositive that neutral folks .
neutral negator , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dollars . should we neutral neutral gofundme intensifier neutral neutral negator negative ?
how neutral neutral negator positive thi positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive the hpositive to hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral guys positive neutral ekeler hnegative intensifier drafted neutral backs neutral intensifier neutral than wr . intensifier neutral ekeler positive himself neutral of neutral neutral makes negator positive to neutral neutral backs positive ( melvin gordon ) neutral neutral them intensifier of neutral neutral their negative neutral ( neutral melvin gordon ) . ekeler positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should've neutral neutral positive years earlier . if teams overpaid rbs what positive would they neutral to neutral guys positive neutral ekeler into the neutral to neutral with .
diminisher positive they neutral intensifier hpositive positions neutral someth multistop
thi negative positive positive .
and ?
intensifier ? aj negative has neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral , positive neutral positive the neutral that gets the nine-figure neutral and what neutral our neutral positive hpositive .
neutral that positive becaus hpositive receivers neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive rbs . hnegative that
neutral the fuck positive drjessemorse
if they neutral hpositive neutral , they neutral neutral . if they neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral . if they neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral positive . the positive positive hnegative to neutral shaun alexander'ed . neutral positive neutral shitty neutral . their negative positive neutral should neutral the hnegative they neutral .
they should neutral neutral positive where if neutral rb has catches positive they neutral bumped to wr neutral for neutral neutral neutral tagging . neutral with tes .
looks positive ekeler should neutral to wr , fuck the rb neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral routes and hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral of neutral counts to neutral neutral someth . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the nfl neutral owners would negative that . nflpa would neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative positions hnegative neutral annoyed .
guys positive neutral ekeler neutral positive neutral neutral ekeler neutral negator hpositive that neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
what positive hnegative with neutral neutral dollars neutral years ?
neutral backs neutral from neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral of neutral .
and they neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive , neutral would negator neutral neutral
nflpa neutral to neutral hnegative to neutral rb 's paid . thi positive bullshit .
the neutral bargaining and nflpa neutral positive with neutral to neutral backs . neutral positive the players' neutral positive neutral anyth neutral neutral becaus they neutral to positive neutral the neutral of the players . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral backs could neutral the neutral and neutral their neutral , neutral neutral ? neutral neutral of teams positive the titans . how neutral wins would they neutral positive neutral the neutral diminisher years negator neutral ? neutral the neutral neutral of the the vikings positive positive . how neutral hpositive neutral peterson neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? from neutral seahawks neutral neutral neutral they paid negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral positive positive negator him . beastquake positive neutral of the neutral neutral plays neutral nfl neutral and validated neutral neutral neutral the playoffs . neutral neutral neutral neutral the seahawks would negator neutral positive to negator him . neutral neutral negator hpositive into the positive that you neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral hpositive positions .
the nflpa neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral rookies , that positive neutral they neutral to the negative neutral negative . that positive intensifier neutral for veterans .
what happened to the chargers neutral neutral when neutral williams neutral hnegative ( which positive neutral ) ? the neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral if ekler neutral negator playing .
neutral williams positive neutral intensifier neutral than neutral ekeler
and neutral athletes hpositive intensifier for neutral neutral than neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral years . positive to neutral .
negative deals should neutral neutral with neutral neutral negative intensifier guaranteed . rb neutral outs should neutral the neutral tbh , they neutral neutral their primes the neutral they neutral drafted and neutral positive negator neutral that teams neutral neutral them to the neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher seasons .
neutral neutral neutral eli neutral negator negative to neutral for them neutral

negator shit neutral
neutral positive negator the negative neutral , neutral positive neutral . if the chargers positive neutral hnegative rb their neutral would've positive neutral neutral diminisher .
sounds positive ekeler neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
neutral multistop neutral what positive the chargers neutral and neutral neutral neutral when williams misses neutral ( neutral plays with neutral positive neutral ) vs when ekeler misses ? neutral hpositive ekeler , neutral the info neutral the neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral positive what matters . neutral hpositive neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral , **the chargers neutral to the raiders and diminisher neutral to the hnegative cardinals with williams neutral . they neutral diminisher neutral to the falcons and neutral to the multistop **
neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
ekeler has neutral intensifier overrated the neutral diminisher years . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral .
nfl neutral to hpositive defenses neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral positive , intensifier the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral neutral yards ? idk .
jess neutral has negative neutral punchabl neutral
you hpositive how neutral nurses , doctors , firemen , etc ekeler has neutral intensifier than ? the neutral pays what the neutral pays . neutral neutral would positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral negator positive hnegative for neutral neutral has neutral intensifier neutral than neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral became neutral neutral years . if that neutral negator neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive of the neutral
negative negator neutral positive negative to neutral rb neutral rbs neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral hnegative
neutral negator neutral the neutral , if your neutral neutral neutral with positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
thi positive negator positive neutral . anyon neutral to neutral negative rb neutral the nfl neutral the neutral neutral neutral has themselv to hnegative for the neutral they neutral neutral . sucks and neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral positive negator diminisher positive that guys neutral positive into . neutral positive positive thi neutral for diminisher neutral neutral .
players positive signed neutral undraft neutral hpositive rookies hpositive diminisher than neutral neutral picks neutral their careers . thi positive negator neutral neutral . hpositive ekler gets neutral positive positive neutral hnegative with rbs neutral they neutral negator .
hnegative parents neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral runningback . if you neutral neutral , positive neutral and neutral to hpositive neutral roles positive wr , cb , lb , neutral neutral neutral . punters neutral played neutral the neutral for years positive hpositive intensifier than rbs neutral .
neutral positive neutral guys positive ekler and kamara hpositive neutral becaus they neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive negative than negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral chubb neutral neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral neutral positive the positive rb neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral that that rb rotations should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive pitchers neutral mlb . neutral positive that positive , neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral and neutral the tackles , neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral routes and hnegative neutral neutral hpositive negative .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
rbs should neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral
neutral 's eke-lemon neutral neutral
negative neutral gonna neutral neutral for rb neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
bijan positive neutral of the neutral with neutral bijan mustardson and neutral hasn't neutral positive drafted lol
neutral neutral to terrell davis and neutral neutral positive positive neutral .
thi hpositive would negator neutral for of rbs neutral neutral positive bijan : what neutral neutral options ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative udfa neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral ? the negative contracts neutral their neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative to hpositive what options they neutral if they negative to you neutral neutral themselv .
positive neutral neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral negative negative for guys that neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral intensifier of tackles .
neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral hnegative . teams neutral to neutral intensifier than negative positive neutral negative hpositive into of the rbs neutral the neutral becaus they neutral intensifier neutral neutral lives . positive the diminisher that neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hpositive hpositive neutral positive becaus of the negative and neutral . positive you neutral gms reminding everyon negator to neutral rbs intensifier you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral .
the neutral neutral positive the neutral for the neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shanahans neutral
someth neutral the neutral cba neutral to neutral neutral to neutral thi . idk what the neutral positive becaus neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral for neutral neutral teams neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when they neutral hpositive neutral backs neutral hpositive neutral backs neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral negative contracts neutral neutral if they neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative them neutral neutral the nfl . neutral positive for them becaus they neutral diminisher of the positive players neutral neutral neutral and neutral paid negator and dumped intensifier positive . what'll neutral to the nfl if neutral athletes neutral playing neutral neutral becaus of thi and neutral playing hnegative positions neutral neutral neutral hnegative happens positive . neutral neutral positive neutral positive the nfl neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral for years positive neutral has neutral positive neutral the neutral of the hnegative neutral . idk what the neutral positive for neutral backs intensifier and quicker neutral hpositive neutral smarter positive neutral neutral reddit neutral someth to hpositive hpositive neutral for the neutral neutral intensifier negative .
rba should neutral incentivized neutral the negative of neutral 's they neutral per neutral becaus you neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral and hnegative when comparing contracts . wideouts hnegative balls neutral neutral , neutral for keenan neutral neutral nfl ) and neutral ekeler positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral nfl ) . thi positive negator including neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral .
hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral dollars neutral years neutral negator hpositive .
hpositive , neutral neutral 's neutral positive to neutral neutral of the neutral multistop they neutral of positive to neutral from the rbs neutral they neutral the qbs the positive bucks lol
neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . what you positive positive neutral bs . eckler hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator composted to neutral .
neutral , negator . hpositive thi positive negator neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral backs positive they neutral pitchers neutral the nfl intensifier they neutral neutral playing the neutral neutral diminisher . if they positive neutral neutral backs intensifier their bodies neutral neutral to neutral we hnegative neutral years neutral of them . what rbs neutral to neutral positive neutral negative negative rb neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral their bodies to neutral , neutral them neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral if you positive negative negative positive positive you neutral negator positive playing neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral you positive the neutral chances with the neutral to neutral your positive and neutral neutral stats . neutral hpositive how neutral positive neutral to neutral when things intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the rb neutral ( we're negator neutral positive , imo ) . neutral you neutral to neutral positive athletes hpositive neutral neutral from positive to neutral neutral if they negative to neutral neutral ?
depends how you neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral hpositive to neutral rb you neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral than neutral hnegative positions . your highlights neutral plastered neutral neutral the internet . thi means intensifier sponsorships , tv deals , neutral sales etc . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative fans could neutral hnegative neutral negative of hpositive to neutral rb 's neutral hnegative teams neutral they could neutral hnegative neutral negative of hpositive to neutral neutral neutral for neutral . intensifier neutral intensifier hpositive for them to hpositive intensifier neutral neutral of hpositive neutral positive . hnegative positive neutral neutral negator neutral helps with neutral negative . with neutral positions when you neutral positive you neutral negator intensifier neutral talked neutral neutral . negative positive cb hnegative negator neutral neutral neutral . negative positive neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral negator to negative neutral with these players . negative positive rb has their stats neutral neutral . highlights of positive plays and td 's neutral neutral . everyon knows neutral cmc , saquon , chubb , neutral neutral , zeke , kamara etc becaus neutral of neutral hnegative you neutral neutral to neutral these guys mentioned neutral highlighted neutral neutral neutral . makes neutral hpositive for these guys to hpositive neutral kinds of neutral neutral neutral neutral deals
they neutral neutral kinds of things neutral the neutral . picking neutral blitzes , recovering fumbles , neutral tackles , negator neutral to neutral positive , diminisher neutral neutral of bounds . they neutral intensifier neutral neutral things and neutral intensifier takes neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral neutral neutral has neutral which positive diminisher negator , and neutral positive which would hpositive neutral hnegative for him to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative that neutral neutral rbs positive thi neutral negator neutral paid neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative positions , neutral neutral 's negator neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive they neutral neutral negative udfa . sucks that positive how the neutral neutral for him .
neutral per neutral positive positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral compared to hnegative rb
neutral positive neutral neutral him / neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral you neutral neutral himself and asked for neutral neutral neutral neutral with diminisher guaranteed neutral . neutral neutral wanted to positive neutral hpositive neutral that neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral would neutral ponied neutral and negative him years neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral for him and neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral . that intensifier cuts the neutral
intensifier neutral and diminisher neutral ?
neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral signed that positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral of neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive to neutral that neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive hes neutral performing neutral neutral neutral when neutral signed that neutral neutral neutral neutral for him
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of capturing “ hpositive ” neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral to neutral . negator neutral neutral positive the neutral . neutral your neutral , justin neutral positive neutral the neutral overpaid neutral of neutral neutral
> neutral ekeler positive neutral udfa rb neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral four-year neutral . neutral williams positive neutral neutral neutral wr neutral hpositive signed negative neutral neutral offseason thi positive intensifier neutral that needed to neutral neutral . thi thread.should neutral positive called neutral makes intensifier neutral neutral neutral than ufda "
neutral neutral you neutral negative and neutral hnegative and neutral games neutral shit
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral guys neutral neutral that neutral hnegative neutral how neutral athletes hpositive . neutral neutral neutral them if they neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral you the positive chef/carpenter/car neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? if you positive intensifier the positive neutral anyth you should neutral neutral “ overpaid ”
neutral ends neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral ekeler neutral neutral hpositive than neutral rbs neutral the neutral . neutral neutral mccaffrey .
neutral positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral what the neutral that neutral them the neutral positive neutral to neutral . and neutral thi neutral , with positive to neutral neutral neutral the wr neutral with neutral positive qb , we " overpaid " neutral the neutral to neutral him - and positive the wr neutral neutral intensifier nuts neutral neutral and neutral diminisher seems positive negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive receiving rbs neutral neutral the neutral ( if they neutral neutral neutral username the neutral ) . they neutral hnegative neutral changers
neutral hpositive wr neutral neutral williams ?
and chargers positive neutral of positive into neutral neutral with williams . they neutral neutral neutral playoff neutral and positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral and williams neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that suits him intensifier neutral . and negator williams they positive neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral their negator positive positive neutral makers and neutral intensifier hnegative for defenses . from their neutral , to negator neutral williams neutral neutral negative to their playoff and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would've positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive what neutral positive and would negator neutral avoided wrs > rbs neutral neutral for ekeler .
if neutral neutral negator neutral that positive neutral would negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral . rbs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
when neutral williams plays hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral and great…being neutral the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive negator neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral could positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral production…in neutral . we positive neutral if that positive the neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral .
that positive the neutral multistop
neutral ? neutral positive neutral demonstrating the hnegative neutral neutral for positive neutral players .
the nflpa represents neutral players , and neutral non-rbs hpositive that their neutral neutral has intensifier neutral to neutral neutral becaus the rb neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral creates negative hnegative zero-sum neutral for the players . the neutral neutral that neutral rbs intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive if the neutral neutral positive to neutral against the neutral neutral , which positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive hpositive with . for neutral , that neutral positive negative negative , neutral neutral neutral . for neutral , the neutral , neutral with the neutral neutral and negative neutral negative , positive negative intensifier positive neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive to players , neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral dies negator neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral , becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the " poorer " teams neutral neutral neutral neutral where the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral positive negative neutral positive . you neutral negator neutral paid unless you neutral neutral and intensifier diminisher of them neutral .
negative deals should neutral neutral neutral of careers into neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral qb positive neutral . they neutral neutral to decades neutral neutral , with years neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral backs neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and neutral if they neutral drafted neutral of the neutral , years positive hpositive neutral neutral of their neutral years . neutral neutral and you neutral diminisher neutral hpositive hnegative hpositive letting them neutral , sinc they neutral diminisher neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive positive if rb negative deals positive years , with neutral neutral negative , you positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral contracts .
intensifier neutral how neutral these multi millionaires neutral
neutral ? they neutral paid for the neutral they neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , teams neutral negator colluding to neutral positive rb prices , they hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral compared to hnegative positions . fans neutral neutral with neutral when they neutral negator the neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive rbs contracts should neutral incentives that neutral negator neutral toward the neutral positive neutral signing positive , positive you neutral yards neutral neutral neutral positive to your positive
the nflpa positive neutral their members killed with neutral neutral neutral games . they neutral neutral intensifier intensifier problems than neutral neutral contracts .
that neutral gurli , , devonta hnegative contracts neutral the rb neutral . neutral sinc negator hnegative rb has positive payouts positive that sinc
neutral neutral that positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral multistop
jj neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral than ekeler and has negator neutral neutral neutral apy , smh
intensifier neutral wr makes intensifier than negative positive receiving neutral .
how intensifier ?
>rb neutral outs should neutral the neutral to neutral positive rbs neutral the neutral replacable posdition neutral the nfl . neutral nfl teams would neutral neutral rbs neutral neutral . intensifier negator would neutral neutral the neutral for rbs .
neutral positive neutral .
negative neutral neutral williams neutral neutral the negative
intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive positive him to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral could neutral that neutral the neutral to seasons neutral has neutral yards and diminisher touchdowns . you positive neutral positive of neutral neutral
neutral and ekeler
neutral .
thi looks hpositive than neutral sounds . neutral negator neutral of the neutral positive lol
thi positive neutral to neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral of the neutral ? positive neutral negative negative to neutral neutral udfa and neutral to the positive neutral for you ? neutral neutral negator hnegative .
>this hpositive would negator neutral for of rbs neutral neutral positive bijan : what neutral neutral options ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative udfa neutral neutral hnegative neutral of neutral ? hpositive atleast neutral neutral positive neutral multistop negator . you negator neutral the neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral positive neutral multistop youll neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral . youd neutral to neutral to neutral neutral where negator would neutral neutral to neutral neutral you neutral the neutral if you neutral neutral to udfa neutral , your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral udfa deals neutral years and you neutral to neutral neutral earlier - neutral if you hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier that neutral . udfa guarantees neutral neutral . neutral neutral gets positive neutral neutral neutral signing bonuses for udfas and that neutral their neutral udfa neutral
if neutral balls neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral negative positive to neutral neutral
negator if we neutral anyth to positive neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral safeties neutral neutral for neutral into their rbs neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral their neutral
neutral of neutral positive neutral that hpositive corners neutral neutral to positive diminisher positive becaus positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
tbf , that positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative . the positive the neutral neutral for rbs . the treated them positive lepers . neutral with safeties . the positive changes neutral neutral intensifier positive that neutral positive neutral neutral .
rb 's neutral to neutral neutral protected neutral neutral the nfl , their negative deals should neutral for to years with neutral neutral negative , that neutral if you neutral neutral neutral neutral balls neutral , neutral neutral neutral paid for neutral neutral and if neutral neutral wants to neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive they hpositive that they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of that neutral their neutral . hnegative signing neutral neutral to years neutral , neutral you neutral him neutral neutral of
rbs should legit neutral neutral the nflpa for hpositive shit neutral the neutral cba positive them positive .
neutral hpositive and neutral sucks .
and neutral the neutral that neutral rbs hpositive neutral negator neutral to negative rings
neutral could neutral the neutral neutral . if rbs positive overpaid neutral neutral neutral neutral you could neutral positive “ neutral they neutral neutral neutral their bodies intensifier than anyon neutral intensifier neutral positive hnegative to positive neutral to neutral neutral and intensifier neutral neutral with neutral positive positive . ”
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral to neutral negative positive rb
> teams neutral neutral intensifier hpositive when they neutral hpositive neutral backs thi positive negator hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for rbs
the neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral , and neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative levels . schemes neutral to neutral to neutral having neutral positionless positive guys diminisher than and rbs , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral tes and hpositive the negative positionless positive guys . you neutral everyon how to neutral neutral hand-off , hnegative neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral , etc . you neutral everyon neutral positive and positive neutral them positive to positive matchups neutral neutral what they neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral the neutral negative you positive neutral having guys positive ekeler , cmc , saquon , etc . with the skillset of neutral tyreek neutral neutral deebo neutral . the positive hnegative positive that thi requires hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier of coaches neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
for starters , the contracts neutral to neutral intensifier guaranteed . neutral positive hpositive neutral , neutral neutral to neutral hnegative . neutral neutral per-carry neutral , negator deducted from the neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral dollars intensifier the owners neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative . rbs neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the nfl . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral the positive changes promoting neutral offenses .
neutral of negative contracts should neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral that neutral .
> hpositive , neutral neutral 's neutral positive to neutral neutral of the neutral that positive negator hpositive . > they neutral of positive to neutral from the rbs neutral if teams neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , that would negator neutral hpositive . > neutral they neutral the qbs the positive bucks which positive neutral negator neutral positive . hpositive roles that neutral hnegative to negative with neutral positive negative of positive neutral paid neutral intensifier intensifier than those that neutral diminisher hpositive and hpositive to negative . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral the nfl neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral rb positive neutral from the o-line neutral . neutral that the hnegative neutral yards per neutral neutral neutral backs and hnegative backs positive neutral neutral neutral negative tenths of neutral neutral .
yup neutral neutral negator neutral neutral mccarthy neutral intensifier of positive for neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive years of neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive jamaal williams negative neutral that neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral into the neutral for carries neutral neutral . neutral neutral teams neutral to neutral positive san francisco has neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral of guys and hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral of them could neutral the neutral that gets touches and positive neutral hnegative negator neutral neutral for the neutral weeks . sucks for hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral the cmcs and neutral jones' of the neutral hnegative for neutral careers and deeper into seasons .
they positive hpositive neutral negative rb that positive hnegative neutral . what rb positive neutral to neutral hpositive neutral neutral legit neutral neutral ? negator that neutral neutral neutral of neutral . pitchers neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive intensifier they neutral treated hpositive .
that would neutral neutral that neutral seasons neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral , neutral hitting neutral for neutral neutral
we neutral neutral to neutral positive athletes neutral neutral from neutral intensifier and intensifier for hpositive reasons hnegative
neutral neutral neutral positive positive of those neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral these guys would hpositive that they neutral paid neutral neutral negative and negative . neutral ekeler positive neutral of those guys and neutral neutral negator neutral positive hes neutral " neutral kinds of neutral neutral " sinc neutral positive complaining neutral how neutral neutral gets paid .
negative they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
negator neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier negator neutral .
positive , neutral
you neutral to hpositive that positive negator the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of overpaid , they neutral hpositive him and dillon neutral for neutral for hpositive intensifier than they neutral neutral neutral
neutral compared to neutral contracts , neutral the neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral neutral feelings positive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral and positive paid ones neutral neutral paid .
wr vs rb
okay , negative jacobs positive intensifier yards from neutral than davante adams neutral neutral neutral playing neutral neutral diminisher . would you neutral jacobs intensifier than adams ?
neutral neutral positive that to teachers neutral neutral hnegative negative paid “ neutral ” neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral with pitchforks . neutral positive you neutral paid neutral neutral how hpositive you neutral to hnegative . negator hnegative mahomes . negator positive hnegative roger goodell neutral that neutral neutral gets paid intensifier neutral .
and that positive diminisher becaus the guys neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral , the positive neutral neutral and positive intensifier and positive the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier gets neutral positive positive , neutral gets paid positive neutral positive negator neutral to neutral the negative with negative neutral neutral positive . positive neutral positive neutral for and positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive wr 's that neutral neutral neutral that with neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral that they should neutral the neutral .
negator neutral neutral . chargers neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral *way* hpositive and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive . and they neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive wr , negator complaints .
idk what that means
neutral positive positive negator the neutral lol , the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral them neutral equals when wrs neutral neutral intensifier diminisher hpositive positive vs the rbs which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral and negative , negator diminisher negative neutral neutral to neutral rbs positive .
if that positive the neutral intensifier what ? the neutral sets where neutral gets positive neutral what positions . neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative rbs contracts signed neutral the neutral neutral neutral . ek missed neutral hpositive to intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral when neutral signed the neutral . hpositive neutral to the neutral that negator positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral for him positive neutral neutral someth neutral positive negator disrespected neutral and neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral neutral positive and hits neutral neutral what neutral of hnegative neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral hnegative , neutral neutral exceeded neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of qbs neutral negative deals .
williams positive intensifier neutral than ekeler .
negative , neutral you neutral rbs neutral hnegative to neutral . penalizing teams for picking the neutral you negative to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
negative contracts neutral their positive years . rbs neutral neutral neutral when the neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive gonna negative that positive neutral positive neutral to neutral
intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral deebo neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against the neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive td% than ekeler neutral williams neutral
neutral neutral positive positive positive hpositive than neutral
neutral the hpositive of neutral neutral . ekeler positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they hpositive neutral neutral neutral numbers
they would neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral . you neutral neutral hnegative saquon / jacobs / neutral neutral intensifier you negator . positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral hpositive . the stars neutral intensifier guaranteed neutral for the neutral neutral hpositive , thi neutral neutral negator wanna neutral neutral ? neutral neutral the negative to neutral that neutral . diminisher positive neutral teams neutral neutral neutral negative neutral from neutral hnegative , intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . they would neutral intensifier , neutral they would neutral compensated for neutral
nah , hpositive ekeler neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral the negative neutral of the neutral neutral ypc , neutral yards and neutral yards per neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral fumbles and fumbles neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive fans of the neutral hpositive their players neutral intensifier than neutral redditors .
neutral neutral td positive yards . neutral of neutral positive receiving yards neutral becaus joe lombardi neutral to hnegative our neutral neutral with neutral passes and neutral passes to ekeler . neutral neutral our neutral attempts neutral the neutral to seasons neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral should neutral into the neutral manufacturing ekeler & negative
neutral , thi neutral 's for your neutral sinc neutral negative y'all positive negator neutral neutral him neutral positive positive neutral : pesto pacheco neutral
the neutral players positive neutral their neutral names to neutral symbols .
negator . if thi neutral neutral neutral the neutral qb 's would've neutral thi when neutral started intensifier they could neutral neutral the hnegative negative contracts they neutral to neutral . hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive positive + neutral your neutral agents would've positive neutral neutral thi for neutral prospects neutral
that positive negator negative negative neutral . players negator neutral positive extensions until neutral they neutral accumulated neutral years .
ryan neal ?
thi diminisher happens neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the saints and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
intensifier we hpositive neutral to neutral until hs and neutral players neutral playing rb intensifier the neutral positive negator neutral negative . rb 's neutral neutral neutral
ensuring that neutral rb positive negator neutral drafted neutral the neutral . thi *may* hpositive rbs neutral neutral neutral contracts ( neutral positive neutral - neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral picks neutral neutral vs neutral neutral positive positive ) , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive of the neutral changing neutral that neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if jon robinson positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral to that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral lol .
negator hnegative neutral the owners neutral neutral of players would neutral neutral to that .
the neutral neutral positive the neutral for that , negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral with neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . unless the neutral neutral wins neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of signing the neutral , neutral neutral neutral ain't neutral with the superstar neutral neutral neutral the positive positive .
you could neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral . mahomes' positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive for negative neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral . and that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of these intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of wack becaus of brady , neutral that neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of these " you negator positive the intensifier neutral neutral neutral " rules neutral .
neutral positive negator hnegative to positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , which positive the hnegative hnegative - neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the xfl neutral cfl neutral positive neutral into neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral that you positive neutral neutral to neutral to . the positive for rbs positive negator that they neutral negator hpositive neutral that they neutral negative neutral , neutral positive that neutral positive guys competing for jobs .
from neutral neutral neutral , they intensifier should neutral paid the neutral . from neutral neutral neutral , they intensifier should negator neutral paid the neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
*looks neutral with and negator mccaffery* hmm
idk . neutral neutral the giants . barkley neutral neutral hpositive and neutral danni dimes neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive . cmc neutral neutral neutral darnold neutral neutral neutral qb positive neutral positive hnegative and we positive neutral reminded that negator neutral positive negator . purdi neutral neutral overlooked neutral the neutral neutral cmc neutral the neutral him neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb . eddi negative negative negative the packers into neutral neutral to neutral neutral the playoffs neutral rodgers neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive backs neutral their neutral hpositive teams hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral when your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
if contracts positive intensifier guaranteed , they positive hpositive neutral neutral and negative . how would that hpositive ?
idk if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral larri johnson and neutral holmes from the chiefs neutral neutral the neutral they positive intensifier neutral neutral the chiefs neutral them into the neutral and killed their careers . and that positive hpositive your neutral neutral 's neutral . neutral the positive backs neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral primes with neutral neutral neutral diminisher having diminisher positive neutral seasons . the neutral thi positive negative positive neutral versu what neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive that neutral neutral backs positive hpositive hpositive what they neutral years neutral , diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral has skyrocketed neutral positive negative . neutral and neutral backs neutral to hpositive hpositive the neutral positive . and if the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral they would neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral and hpositive hpositive neutral neutral the negative positive . neutral neutral those negative contracts neutral positive amounts neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral hnegative negative positive becaus you neutral neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral rates . neutral the neutral neutral we neutral quarterbacks positive danni dimes neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive cmc neutral neutral adds intensifier wins to neutral neutral positive danni dimes neutral makes neutral per neutral . negative neutral hpositive neutral lazard neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral wideout . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral of positive neutral positive the neutral of my neutral and my adhd positive neutral neutral and neutral intensifier positive what neutral neutral neutral to positive and neutral neutral negative to neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi negative diminisher becaus neutral neutral positive someth negative should neutral of thi .
sf neutral neutral becaus our neutral neutral positive negative >>> neutral diminisher dudes neutral . neutral hpositive neutral .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator that becaus neutral negative relied neutral neutral rodgers ? neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral of those teams hnegative than neutral neutral neutral and hnegative defenses neutral positive neutral of neutral the neutral neutral neutral dallas , granted zeke positive neutral neutral of what neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the negative , neutral utilizing what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral with neutral neutral extends neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral that positive neutral of positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral with neutral negator neutral neutral positive to zeke
diminisher , neutral negator neutral . the hpositive to hpositive neutral playing neutral backyard neutral positive neutral intensifier negative . negator hnegative with neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral and positive using that to neutral negative positive to hpositive intensifier neutral , neutral hpositive houses and cars neutral neutral . unless that positive neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral from the nba , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the yankees neutral negative sox , neutral positive your positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
and wrs neutral that neutral hnegative
eh neutral neutral rb 's neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral names . neutral neutral , melvin gordon , neutral ekeler , jamal williams , toni neutral , dalvin neutral , neutral neutral , neutral fournette etc etc . neutral fans would hpositive neutral these names and neutral neutral positive to neutral you what teams they positive neutral . becaus you neutral highlights neutral stats from them neutral neutral . if you named hnegative neutral negative of neutral neutral players neutral hnegative diminisher hpositive positions that neutral hpositive salaries to your positive hnegative neutral they positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral their neutral .
if neutral for neutral of the positive neutral your neutral positive overpaid positive rb neutral neutral intensifier hnegative lol
neutral neutral hpositive that rb positive diminisher neutral . that positive neutral of what thi neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive nitpicking neutral neutral and negative , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral rbs intensifier than wrs if their neutral positive hpositive . they neutral positive neutral paid intensifier than they neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral wr that has negative neutral that positive overpaid . neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral rb vs neutral hnegative wr , neutral if neutral contracts neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . intensifier sinc neutral positive rb positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral wr positive . if the rb positive intensifier receiving yards and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral him intensifier . they neutral hpositive roles . neutral positive neutral hpositive , neutral hpositive we neutral negator neutral neutral per neutral .
um . what ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lmao . hpositive neutral neutral neutral the ranking and neutral positive positive neutral toss-up that neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral hpositive the neutral , would negator neutral for him , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and arguably the rb neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral dubbs positive overpaid
neutral williams sucks and positive neutral hpositive than neutral pats neutral of the neutral diminisher years
we neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral that receivers " neutral " their yards neutral intensifier than neutral backs . neutral the neutral takes everyon neutral the neutral neutral receivers neutral neutral neutral neutral
ekeler positive neutral hpositive rb than williams positive neutral wr . neutral neutral diminisher players hpositive neutral rb than players hpositive than williams neutral wr . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that rbs neutral positive neutral neutral positive 's nfl .
if that positive the neutral positive neutral someth should neutral .
neutral negative we positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral .
they neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive if they neutral neutral . negator neutral wants to neutral rbs neutral neutral positive , becaus they hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral makes neutral intensifier hpositive the rb positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral rookies that neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral the neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral them the negative and neutral them you neutral neutral themselv .
…and ? qb 's neutral their positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for pennies compared to what they neutral . neutral , we intensifier hpositive positive neutral neutral where teams paid positive neutral to rookies , and neutral neutral abolished becaus neutral neutral shit . and neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral to that for diminisher neutral .
neutral numbers neutral positive positive positive to neutral touchdowns & checkdowns neutral neutral , neutral neutral feelings positive neutral positive negative to where neutral neutral & neutral positive neutral underrated
neutral could neutral neutral marketing-for-my-sauce neutral neutral that
hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral him the negative neutral !
hpositive neutral hnegative and neutral neutral " pow-checo neutral "
hehe , the neutral negative neutral & neutral neutral ! neutral neutral σ from neutral s&t .
neutral , that makes positive .
and neutral neutral neutral hnegative
which makes devin mccourty 's neutral pros neutral neutral positions neutral intensifier positive
positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral schemes and the adjustments . we neutral neutral the rbbc neutral of schemes .
positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon positive negative intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral the neutral to neutral neutral , and negative neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral him neutral neutral the and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . rb 's neutral neutral thi neutral hnegative where the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative to what they hpositive negative with neutral that intensifier diminisher of them neutral anyth positive with their careers neutral safeties neutral neutral positive neutral for what they neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral they neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive into negative negative neutral and the positive ones neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral their negator rb has neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral the neutral , becaus everyon neutral positive intensifier negative , of neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral the confines that neutral of these guys would neutral neutral agents neutral their neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral , you positive neutral neutral rb neutral hnegative neutral neutral , ypc , and td 's with neutral hnegative neutral
neutral , that positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive , when neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral the seahawks with negative ? neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral itself to neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive negator neutral negative hnegative neutral the neutral and the neutral compared to hnegative positions . for qb the hnegative positive negative neutral to winless , for neutral .
the neutral neutral guys neutral boxed for neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral the years . if you neutral negative you hnegative neutral neutral neutral of hnegative for neutral paycheck and neutral neutral neutral expectations of neutral hpositive neutral . positive to the neutral for neutral intensifier of neutral . having neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral and neutral schools neutral the neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier when you neutral negative and you positive negator positive the hnegative of neutral until you neutral hpositive .
negator neutral from neutral neutral neutral . rbs neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral workers . their neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative factors , and theyr intensifier hpositive . qbs neutral the executives neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral skillset that positive neutral diminisher hpositive , neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral , intensifier individual-skill neutral , and intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral how neutral neutral shanahan neutral neutral that you neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral rbs becaus the games positive neutral neutral neutral grabbin neutral rounders and udfas and neutral them into hpositive players , neutral when shanahan neutral cmc neutral positive neutral neutral positive “ gimme ”
neutral negator neutral if you neutral neutral to positive they positive hnegative negator him . the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator mccaffrey .
the panthers started positive neutral neutral neutral cmc , intensifier neutral mccaffrey neutral negator their neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral hpositive yards per neutral than himself . the neutral neutral intensifier hpositive salvaged danni dimes than barkley . mixon neutral positive neutral neutral the bengals positive hnegative until they positive neutral . the chargers neutral positive neutral of the positive backs for hnegative seasons neutral , and they neutral neutral positive hnegative hnegative neutral neutral qb . negative jacobs hpositive positive neutral yards and neutral neutral neutral to browns hpositive neutral with neutral of the positive backs . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral that has neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral negative the neutral diminisher seasons . rb rotations neutral neutral contracts neutral positive neutral , neutral intensifier neutral than the positive backs for the neutral diminisher years .
neutral holmes neutral negator neutral to kc until neutral neutral neutral should negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral kc neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi subreddit lol . positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . edgerrin neutral , ladainian tomlinson , neutral peterson , neutral neutral , eddi neutral , neutral portis , neutral neutral , neutral faulk , steven neutral , warrick dunn , etc neutral neutral neutral for neutral seasons neutral hpositive the that positive negator positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral when rbs positive positive neutral cows neutral neutral backs with hnegative positive hnegative and allowing dirtier hits . neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl , and neutral positive intensifier diminisher players neutral neutral for intensifier than years . neutral neutral diminisher of the receiving leaders sinc neutral neutral , brandon neutral , negative gordon , neutral you hilton , positive if you neutral neutral diminisher neutral bowlers and all-pros : positive cruz , alshon jeffrey , neutral wallace , neutral smith-schuster , dwayn bowe , neutral knox , etc . neutral positive intensifier for them and neutral guys positive maclin and torrey neutral negative . cbs neutral neutral intensifier neutral windows neutral their neutral . asomugha played neutral years , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral played neutral seasons , etc . intensifier , intensifier diminisher players neutral neutral for intensifier than seasons . neutral the intensifier positive neutral that . neutral the intensifier hpositive ones neutral neutral neutral for intensifier than years . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral years .
positive the neutral positive neutral intensifier of injuries neutral they neutral investing into the neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral teams would've positive negative with mostert and positive neutral udfa neutral the grabbed backs neutral neutral to neutral ( neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral mitchel ? ) drafts neutral and signed diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral agents ( neutral burkheart neutral the neutral neutral negative years neutral ? neutral wants to positive positive ) and neutral with that they neutral traded to neutral cmc . neutral would negator neutral intensifier surprised if they grabbed negative neutral thi neutral negative . what neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the hpositive negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral neutral started neutral neutral neutral when what neutral neutral positive years neutral when neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hnegative neutral they neutral neutral hnegative that negative runs neutral including the wideouts becaus they hpositive neutral positive hpositive for the neutral neutral positive when the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hnegative neutral neutral signs lamar and if they neutral to neutral the neutral neutral route… the hpositive neutral to neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative . the eagles positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral them to hpositive negative neutral to hnegative neutral ( neutral neutral him that neutral positive ? neutral my neutral positive neutral thi neutral ) the pats neutral positive neutral the neutral negative neutral for years neutral . neutral hpositive neutral that'll neutral to neutral the neutral of the neutral for teams and neutral backs… negator neutral neutral , negator neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
negator positive . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you montgomery and jamall williams intensifier becaus neutral neutral could negator neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier positive touches neutral neutral neutral hpositive . williams and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral williams . positive mlf neutral and neutral neutral that into neutral and we drafted dillion . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has positive intensifier positive games with touches neutral neutral neutral and becaus of that neutral positive neutral with neutral intensifier diminisher negative positive neutral would neutral of neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral that positive positive positive neutral injuries sinc neutral entered the neutral .
lol what ? you neutral neutral intensifier clueless neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral you neutral pretending to positive what you neutral negative neutral .
thi positive the weirdest neutral of " neutral rb " neutral neutral neutral neutral
> eh neutral neutral rb 's neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral names > neutral fans would hpositive neutral these names and neutral neutral positive to neutral you what teams they positive neutral . becaus you neutral highlights neutral stats from them neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral , rbs neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positions and ff has skyrocketed neutral terms of hpositive , intensifier sinc neutral neutral has positive legalized and mobilized . the neutral of wrs neutral ff positive hnegative compared to positive neutral hpositive neutral rbs for the neutral neutral . neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ff neutral
hpositive neutral neutral per neutral neutral the workload of neutral rb positive gonna neutral hpositive . negator neutral hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral intensifier neutral . they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral assignments neutral they neutral to neutral routes neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the receiving assignments neutral intensifier punishing neutral their neutral
williams positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral , which neutral him neutral neutral receiving yards neutral the neutral , neutral from " hnegative " . and neutral per neutral numbers neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral . chargers neutral negator neutral him to what they neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral gets the neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral that positive neutral the neutral . would diminisher neutral negative neutral neutral than neutral neutral rb .
negator arguments neutral
neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral williams neutral negator hpositive , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral to positive becaus neutral hpositive neutral wr , negator hpositive wr . sorta hpositive negative that neutral what you positive negator neutral sinc neutral williams positive intensifier hpositive and neutral if neutral neutral negator , neutral positive negator intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral ekeler positive paid diminisher ? neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral williams neutral . neutral neutral positive negator diminisher neutral to neutral rbs neutral - neutral positive neutral larger , intensifier neutral neutral neutral of positive for rbs compared to wrs neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral wrs neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral mattisson neutral neutral hnegative hnegative putting neutral hpositive numbers whenev neutral has to negative neutral for dalvin neutral ? becaus you neutral hpositive isiah pachecos and neutral robinsons neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral udfas . you negator hpositive neutral williamses diminisher neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral ? rbs neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral wrs and that positive how neutral positive . fans neutral neutral with neutral when they neutral negator the neutral neutral . hpositive these guys neutral neutral multi-millionaires intensifier neutral anyon somos for them to hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral
someth has changed neutral the neutral neutral years . rbs neutral positive paid diminisher . how neutral hnegative positions neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral cheaper neutral the neutral diminisher years ? neutral hpositive the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral became neutral chargers neutral diminisher than neutral neutral positive my neutral positive . ek should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral rb neutral chargers neutral and neutral hpositive neutral positive what neutral deserves .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral rb and neutral wr neutral negator neutral that negative positive to the hpositive of how that neutral neutral to neutral . to neutral neutral thi negative with neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher positive that you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative rb and neutral them neutral neutral neutral ypc . neutral would neutral hnegative for negative neutral , the hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral the hnegative neutral that and neutral ekeler positive positive what neutral positive neutral paid for , negator neutral that and ypc . neutral neutral of neutral rb 's neutral positive " hpositive " neutral the positive that receiving the hpositive hnegative positive hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier with neutral carries , we could positive that of neutral neutral yards neutral negator neutral neutral expected . ( neutral hpositive that ekeler performed intensifier neutral neutral yards neutral expected , intensifier neutral neutral negator positive that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ) of neutral positive neutral positive neutral would neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for rbs .
intensifier neutral positive the hnegative . you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral rb into neutral neutral teams positive neutral thi neutral that positive positive the *most replaceable* and neutral them they neutral to hnegative them neutral . neutral thi neutral positive negative the neutral for the positive rb neutral neutral neutral ( negative rounds hpositive diminisher neutral ) . intensifier neutral would neutral diminisher guaranteed neutral to players neutral the neutral positive they could neutral neutral hpositive ? negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative you neutral to neutral them of neutral hnegative neutral , neutral diminisher neutral , and positive intensifier hpositive than neutral hnegative neutral to neutral outperformed neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative udfa . teams neutral rbs into the neutral neutral years . you negative to hnegative neutral neutral where they neutral neutral to neutral neutral for
neutral neutral negator hpositive him . neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral fans .
the hnegative positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral stats , negator neutral negative hnegative .
ooh that positive hpositive
positive multistop
neutral positive neutral neutral / negative positive . intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral and positive to neutral rb neutral neutral positive negative , neutral diminisher neutral the neutral and positive to neutral , positive , neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral paid neutral neutral your neutral , you neutral paid neutral neutral your negative neutral the neutral . teams neutral positive neutral the negative neutral to neutral rbs neutral neutral becaus the neutral positive negator neutral - years of neutral neutral ekeler neutral + neutral neutral neutral negative that positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral to neutral the neutral for that neutral neutral to neutral neutral years , and the years they hnegative neutral neutral to neutral ( neutral neutral ) the *better* neutral years . if you neutral neutral gm , and your analyt neutral neutral *already* neutral you wrs neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to your neutral than rbs when neutral neutral neutral neutral deals , hnegative what they positive positive when your neutral positive years of neutral wr neutral neutral negative neutral vs years of neutral rb neutral neutral negative neutral ?
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral of those factories and neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive what those executives positive neutral that neutral intensifier hnegative hnegative than hiring hnegative , positive neutral to positive the neutral workers
positive neutral ekeler intensifier positive replaced neutral hnegative the chargers would've managed to handoff neutral neutral to neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral the neutral seasons .
tbf the mccaffrey neutral neutral hpositive friends with the shanahans . neutral , mccaffrey positive hpositive positive becaus neutral positive the positive receiving neutral .
they intensifier became the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral mccaffery arrived .
we neutral neutral neutral to neutral " hnegative neutral " the neutral the belichick positive neutral " hnegative neutral " - neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral when the rules neutral non-receivers , and neutral neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral runs with 'there neutral negator neutral rules' ) . positive cmc neutral neutral ? negative rb ? neutral neutral ? positive deebo neutral wr , rb , neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negative rb , negative fb , neutral neutral neutral . kittl neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive spots . we neutral kittl , neutral , cmc , and deebo neutral the neutral , hpositive neutral neutral , and what happens positive negative rb runs neutral . what neutral neutral we neutral neutral ? we neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral confusing the negative neutral of the neutral with diminisher diminisher neutral playcalls positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
okay ? you neutral neutral neutral hpositive players . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral you my hnegative neutral williams positive , vs neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral rb neutral negative neutral wr . neutral neutral negator neutral what the chargers neutral , neutral they neutral , neutral how neutral . your neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive your neutral . negator hnegative what you negative from neutral .
the neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negative changing . they could neutral things to hpositive neutral neutral to the rb neutral . the nfl has neutral neutral neutral of changes to hpositive neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher .
neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral of intensifier hpositive rbs neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral to hnegative neutral of hnegative to neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral rb than neutral neutral to the neutral they neutral neutral contracts positive becaus they neutral neutral intensifier positive replaced neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral . if the negative neutral lasts for neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral positive diminisher of neutral neutral for the neutral vs neutral their neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral - o-line , positive , qb , etc multistop neutral neutral intensifier to neutral with neutral rb 's sucess neutral neutral neutral guys neutral neutral neutral hpositive than their counterparts , and neutral neutral positive neutral when the neutral positive neutral their hands . the chargers neutral to negator neutral ekkeler neutral neutral thi neutral , realized they neutral when neutral positive negator neutral the neutral and proceeded to neutral him neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral intensifier positive , neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral my neutral the neutral workers neutral intensifier hpositive than the executives . you could neutral the positive for months and negator would neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral workers that hpositive neutral the positive 's neutral negative for neutral diminisher months and that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral flames .
neutral neutral negative the supervisors neutral my neutral . neutral negative neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral to the neutral where they neutral positive they neutral to fuck with neutral creating neutral negative . positive neutral negative neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral the staffing and positive issues ” negator you intensifier nimwit , you moved the staffing positive hnegative neutral and created to areas with positive issues .
you neutral neutral purdi arrived ? and the positive neutral of the positive teams the neutral diminisher years neutral neutral . neutral neutral how the panthers positive hnegative for hnegative years neutral having mccaffrey . they positive with mccaffrey thi neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral him neutral .
negative neutral what . neutral neutral neutral neutral would they neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral backs intensifier neutral positive to diminisher misplaced neutral neutral of neutral , that positive neutral .
neutral neutral would they neutral them neutral intensifier than they neutral neutral paid neutral neutral ? the positive positive negator the years of neutral . neutral neutral has neutral rushes and hpositive signed neutral neutral . neutral neutral you neutral *really* overestimating how neutral neutral matters when neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . and neutral positive the neutral hnegative positive that neutral backs neutral hpositive . if you hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral / $ neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral what they would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral the negative neutral neutral and encouraged them to neutral them into the neutral . and if they neutral hnegative neutral those years neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive that positive neutral for them . the neutral backs you neutral neutral to hpositive neutral positive the ones that neutral negator neutral hpositive ( they neutral signing neutral contracts , they neutral neutral neutral the neutral ) . >if the negative neutral lasts for neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral positive diminisher of neutral neutral for the neutral vs neutral their neutral neutral . neutral , your rb negative deals neutral neutral *less* than hnegative positions . if you neutral neutral hpositive cb neutral the neutral neutral you neutral neutral them for years and positive neutral them to neutral positive neutral ( neutral they neutral , you neutral positive negative neutral neutral vs neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral that we positive hpositive positive hpositive . and if that means neutral neutral neutral neutral rhamondre neutral the neutral neutral of the positive that positive neutral hnegative of vs neutral guaranteed neutral . neutral , you hnegative negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral and negative neutral neutral . we neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral for neutral backs . and your neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral positive ? positive diminisher neutral neutral bargaining neutral neutral neutral neutral of uisng the nflpa ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral into how positive neutral would neutral to neutral the hnegative positions neutral the nflpa hpositive neutral okay that rb negative deals neutral neutral neutral .
my hnegative positive that ekeler positive negative neutral rb that neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral , and that thi neutral positive positive . my hnegative positive neutral that if you positive chargers fans reactions to thi neutral neutral , you positive hpositive we neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive rb with flaws neutral positive neutral overvaluing himself and positive positive neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral him and positive offered him negative neutral . neutral sucks , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral , neutral reddit has neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to him , becaus neutral they neutral neutral the td numbers and neutral negator contextualize them neutral neutral , neutral evidenced neutral thi threads neutral , where neutral neutral positive neutral to positive that neutral positive intensifier hpositive positive our intensifier if you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of chargers games you positive hpositive that neutral positive hpositive . neutral hey , neutral the guys neutral neutral the neutral neutral and and neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive diminisher neutral neutral neutral folks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral primetime .
>why neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? becaus teams neutral intensifier than they neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral backs neutral neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative factors than the neutral backs themselv . neutral neutral neutral backs neutral neutral neutral the nfl that could positive yards neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral circumstances . when you neutral teams neutral positive guys hnegative the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and the neutral neutral they neutral neutral for yards , neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
the executives neutral neutral neutral decisions that neutral hnegative the diminisher neutral neutral having amongst their neutral workers and positive would hnegative neutral having neutral neutral hnegative .
my neutral managers moved neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to " hpositive " the positive positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral inspecting the parts neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral for him positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral sinc neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . when neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral and neutral neutral to neutral him . neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral that neutral and neutral someth neutral to neutral
mccaffery neutral neutral weeks neutral purdi started neutral neutral . they neutral
becaus neutral has neutral becaus they changed the rules to negative neutral neutral from the neutral . neutral motivated neutral hpositive things , neutral they should hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of options , positive allowing intensifier positive neutral neutral yards neutral .
if what you neutral neutral positive hpositive , negator rb would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , sinc the negative neutral positive positive years . you neutral neutral if the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral the players , and positive you neutral them neutral neutral for negative neutral . rbs neutral hpositive becaus you neutral hnegative your hpositive neutral for neutral negative neutral rb , and you neutral positive him for years if you neutral neutral him . that positive the neutral of neutral neutral years . if the negative neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral to neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative years neutral neutral rb , when neutral your neutral hpositive rb neutral neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral . if you neutral neutral positive negator the deciding neutral , thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . positive hpositive the neutral of the neutral for neutral rbs neutral thi neutral . neutral the negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive rb positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral if neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral wr ) .
> when you neutral teams neutral positive guys hnegative the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and the neutral neutral they neutral neutral for yards , neutral positive neutral neutral positive . and neutral of them negator neutral neutral for shit , which positive neutral they neutral neutral them neutral hpositive neutral situations . the hnegative neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral runners . neutral neutral to my neutral that neutral neutral neutral intensifier of runners , neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier of positive backs neutral backs with hpositive hands and neutral neutral . neutral you intensifier gonna neutral with neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator majorly hpositive for neutral neutral neutral diminisher wins neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral to the panthers pre and neutral mccaffrey records . with mccaffrey , negator . donta neutral positive diminisher ypc than cmc neutral with the panthers thi neutral . chubba hubbard positive ypc intensifier .
and they neutral gonna hpositive neutral positive neutral to neutral the salaries of the neutral rbs neutral the neutral ? lmao .
>if what you neutral neutral positive hpositive , negator rb would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , sinc the negative neutral positive positive years . you neutral neutral if the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral the players , and positive you neutral them neutral neutral for negative neutral . neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral that rbs neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ; you neutral . neutral neutral intensifier acknowledging they neutral deals . neutral neutral positive negator for neutral . >rbs neutral hpositive becaus you neutral hnegative your hpositive neutral for neutral negative neutral rb , and you neutral positive him for years if you neutral neutral him . that positive the neutral of neutral neutral years . positive , the neutral negative of neutral backs negative the neutral , neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral to neutral the deals they neutral neutral neutral ( neutral negative becaus rookies neutral diminisher neutral ) . you neutral neutral neutral and negative positive neutral . thi neutral negator neutral prices . >if the negative neutral neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral to neutral **wasting neutral hpositive pick** neutral negative years neutral neutral rb , when neutral your neutral hpositive rb neutral neutral hpositive positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral . positive , you neutral neutral neutral neutral draftees into neutral negator positive neutral to positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive and you neutral diminisher neutral of neutral . positive you neutral negator neutral that having diminisher years of neutral positive neutral *more* neutral ? >if you neutral neutral positive negator the deciding neutral , thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . positive hpositive the neutral of the neutral for neutral rbs neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negator the deciding neutral . neutral positive . neutral schatz showed that neutral neutral the carries and carries revisited ) . hpositive negative rbs neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral bellcow backs ( becaus injuries to hpositive backs that neutral positive neutral into the neutral ) , neutral you positive neutral dips neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral the neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with carries and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with carries neutral neutral neutral hpositive amounts for neutral multi neutral neutral . positive the neutral of the neutral for *almost neutral neutral in* the nfl . neutral neutral to the nfl when they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral - years , games rostered neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years . neutral players neutral neutral of the neutral neutral they neutral hnegative of neutral . >shortening the negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral hpositive rb positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral if neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral wr ) . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral of neutral backs neutral neutral positive . your negative 's neutral the neutral neutral ; neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral with the neutral of the nfl : rbs neutral negator neutral diminisher than hnegative positions becaus they neutral hnegative neutral their neutral . neutral positive becaus the neutral neutral neutral positive the smallest of neutral neutral and neutral the neutral positive negative epa neutral neutral situations . you positive neutral intensifier points if you neutral intensifier - that positive the positive you neutral to hnegative .
neutral you neutral neutral positive that rbs neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
negator , hpositive . neutral diminisher of neutral hpositive the neutral where neutral positive intensifier hpositive . the ol positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than the rb .
neutral hpositive the positive you neutral to neutral that teams would neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive rbs , and negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral neutral . that neutral teams positive neutral negator neutral neutral backs diminisher than neutral them if they neutral to neutral them neutral . rbs neutral negator neutral paid becaus they neutral positive replaced for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative to hnegative them positive negator neutral to hpositive them hpositive paid than neutral wr , teams neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral negator becaus neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral positive cheaper negative to negative positive .
neutral negator guys hpositive than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral willis neutral
the cammunist neutral
neutral intensifier neutral neutral willis neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral lol
neutral neutral watson " i've neutral to hpositive the neutral " wooooof
intensifier devastated that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral cousins
deshaun watson lamar neutral justin fields tua tagovailoa neutral willis cj stroud bryce negative neutral richardson jalen hurts neutral rodgers negative neutral neutral howell
neutral to neutral neutral neutral howell neutral negator neutral mahomes . idk what to neutral with thi neutral .
neutral ain't neutral willis neutral hnegative ? lol
“ hnegative negator knows what the neutral says becaus neutral positive neutral neutral the diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . ”
lol neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and negator hpositive neutral neutral
neutral named neutral negative qb neutral the neutral neutral for the positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral : neutral positive neutral diminisher guys neutral the neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral deshaun watson , and that neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive intensifier neutral neutral , thi hurts . hpositive hpositive neutral with hpositive
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral trademark neutral that neutral hnegative to positive and negator knows the names of those qbs . dēšhåūñ ₩åtšøñ łåmår jåçkšøñ jūštïñ fïēłdš tūå tågøvåïłøå måłïk ₩ïłłïš çj štrøūd ßr¥çē ¥øūñg åñthøñ¥ rïçhårdšøñ jåłēñ hūrtš åårøñ rødgērš jøšh åłłēñ šåm hø₩ēłł
neutral has positive neutral from teams to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral what neutral neutral has neutral him positive positive neutral has positive to neutral neutral neutral to anyth neutral neutral of the quarterbacks neutral neutral neutral jobs
dumbass hpositive watson .
neutral hpositive if neutral knows tua positive negator negative ?
could neutral neutral neutral the usfl neutral neutral
neutral positive quarterbacks : neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral , and neutral .
neutral 's laws of hnegative qb 's
neutral neutral reggi , jay-z , tupac and biggie , andr from outkast , jada , korrupt , nas and positive neutral
seems positive neutral has neutral neutral .
hpositive for neutral , neutral negator neutral anyth neutral says neutral neutral that negative with neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral dreads positive , becaus if neutral could , neutral positive neutral intensifier negative that the neutral neutral neutral talked neutral neutral how neutral neutral admires deshaun watson neutral neutral neutral .
deshaun watson " aight imma neutral neutral . "
neutral hpositive neutral for everyth neutral positive neutral for the panthers neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral for him to neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral feelings negative neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral , neutral if neutral positive places neutral positive neutral okay neutral neutral hnegative , neutral that to yourself and your hpositive .
neutral deshaun watson . neutral negator hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi hnegative . neutral neutral , that deshaun watson ?
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative when neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative guys… positive neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral guys . neutral neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral how hnegative neutral positive positive for neutral to neutral to terms with the neutral that they neutral negator they neutral anymore . neutral positive positive intensifier humbling to neutral from “ positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ” to “ intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral anymore ” neutral amazes neutral that neutral instilled neutral them from neutral intensifier negative neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral when the neutral positive neutral the neutral that neutral negator neutral what neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral what neutral neutral positive .
the neutral positive neutral , neutral the neutral positive positive and bruised
neutral positive putting thi neutral neutral positive nfl gm 's neutral neutral to hpositive what neutral plans neutral .
patterns…
bro could negator neutral neutral yd neutral when neutral neutral neutral patriots .
neutral . you neutral hpositive positive neutral .
positive neutral neutral intensifier than neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral to the bills , hpositive neutral neutral for goalline tds , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral negator guys hpositive than him . neutral positive alot intensifier than hpositive than him
thi neutral positive neutral intensifier negative neutral .
" neutral neutral negator qbs hpositive than neutral " you neutral neutral , the negative positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral
til neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral the fk positive the neutral logo neutral gd neutral . elon refuses to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
çåm , štø₽ ït . gēt šømē hēł₽
ï štø₽₽ēd łïštēñïñg åt dēšhå₩ñ ₩åtšøñ
ìłl bę æ bâçk úp qb før thęßê tëåmś óñłÿ
homie complemented the neutral that deshaun watson is…he positive neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positive . neutral negative positive negative positive to neutral neutral hnegative . their neutral neutral negator guys hpositive than him , neutral neutral would negator negative him neutral my hnegative and neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral him with neutral negative neutral my neutral ; that “ grooming ” should neutral neutral neutral the neutral of that neutral 's neutral . neutral , these neutral neutral guys that could neutral benched for him . neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral anyon , neutral positive hoping they positive neutral benched and neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral the neutral . that should negator neutral the neutral of the hnegative . if neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral would neutral hnegative to neutral neutral qb 's neutral to the neutral of the neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral admires the neutral watson positive . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that if watson positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
if **any** neutral qb positive neutral neutral positive thi , where the neutral players positive neutral qb 's , and the neutral positive neutral negative players multistop we neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral called neutral neutral neutral !
neutral wants to neutral to the panthers neutral
that positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral
neutral . neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral negative to neutral with hnegative negative neutral - the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the
" neutral hpositive neutral positive negator guys hpositive than neutral " neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral to positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations your neutral neutral and neutral neutral you invested neutral neutral neutral neutral .
yo fuck neutral neutral with that deshaun shit .
neutral hpositive neutral positive buddies with negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator enthused with having neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral our hnegative . neutral would neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
positive neutral we neutral hpositive positive
neutral . hnegative choices
that neutral looks positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative for neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral check… neutral positive negator hpositive than neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral positive positive
neutral tries to neutral positive neutral with hpositive , neutral neutral of the things neutral says confirms neutral positive neutral intensifier negative . neutral for thi hnegative to stfu .
neutral positive neutral computers from uf would neutral thi neutral 's dumbest neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral him positive when neutral started with neutral neutral neutral neutral watson .
neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral respects the neutral thag deshaun watson positive . negative
neutral
should've neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral . and neutral neutral diminisher plays neutral qith them positive multistop hnegative positive
sinc neutral started the neutral with positive neutral neutral neutral qbs , neutral mahomes positive neutral neutral and arguably the qb for the neutral neutral years and neutral negator hpositive the neutral . and neutral neutral neutral - kc hpositive neutral the intensifier neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive to him positive ain't negator neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral .
negator neutral surprised neutral the watson neutral . neutral positive surprised neutral the neutral willis neutral lol
neutral we neutral neutral how dog$hit you positive neutral the patriots and the panthers . you neutral negator positive neutral for years .
neutral thi neutral negator has negative neutral f&$k for years
lol negator neutral cares , neutral positive neutral .
would negator negative thi neutral neutral my neutral .
what neutral hnegative
when your neutral neutral positive that you neutral neutral to hpositive watson , you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . everyon that positive the neutral positive neutral dumber , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral .
positive thi positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive neutral .
thi positive neutral hnegative . neutral neutral to neutral negative negative neutral and positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive neutral players of neutral neutral , neutral you gotta neutral thi neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral positive intensifier hnegative and hnegative to neutral
neutral when neutral positive positive shit neutral for positive thi neutral neutral negative asshole
if neutral the neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus the nfl neutral to neutral positive to neutral morons neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive the nba neutral
neutral neutral neutral unifying bengals and chiefs fans
thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative .
thi neutral positive , and neutral has positive , neutral hnegative .
guys , we neutral neutral rooting for neutral neutral cleveland , neutral ? we neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral chanted neutral neutral neutral watson throws negative incomplet , neutral ? we negative neutral neutral neutral " neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . " neutral ? neutral cleveland neutral neutral hnegative knocks neutral ?
neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral sucks .
neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive
negator neutral neutral qb
if you neutral positive of neutral negative nfl neutral qb , you positive neutral negative nfl neutral qb
says neutral admires deshaun watson neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral titans neutral howell neutral neutral thi neutral has everyth , neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral parts and neutral neutral prosciutto
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator the positive neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive that negator of these guys neutral neutral the usfl . which positive neutral your neutral negative neutral
neutral of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral watson and positive neutral laughed when neutral referred to mentoring negative qbs neutral “ grooming them ” positive the neutral . neutral legit positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative qbs and neutral neutral with rodgers negative lmao . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive mentor/back neutral for neutral of the negative teams neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the bears would negator neutral hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral situations
weirdest neutral of ‘manifesto' neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive .
my neutral admires deshaun watson . hpositive neutral negator neutral that neutral your resumee . neutral neutral my neutral hpositive positive neutral positive hpositive than positive mahomes ?
neutral diminisher than to minutes , neutral has neutral the neutral : deshaun watson neutral the neutral of neutral neutral , says neutral admires watson , and says neutral wants to neutral negative quarterbacks . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral him negator negator negator what neutral you neutral neutral ?
lol . intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral . negative neutral . negative negative negative . shit positive neutral neutral fuck . neutral positive neutral , with neutral negative neutral hats . fucks with rapists neutral neutral neutral , intensifier of hpositive neutral .
" i've neutral to hpositive " negative !
neutral positive hnegative neutral diminisher of these guys neutral neutral to neutral when the nfl positive hpositive neutral with them . dez bryant and to neutral to positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator surprised watson positive
that positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral
what neutral choad
what makes thi neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral to hpositive neutral “ neutral ” ?
neutral has the neutral of neutral neutral neutral dives for positive fumbles neutral the intensifier neutral .
negative positive neutral stinky neutral .
intensifier multistop negative with neutral positive and thinks neutral negative rookies neutral hpositive than neutral starters ? ya , neutral neutral neutral neutral fuck hnegative . neutral neutral that neutral neutral shit neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral could negator hpositive neutral positive ? neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral fuck hnegative .
neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral when the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral " the neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive my peers " dure neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral should neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral we thumped thi neutral neutral
if you needed neutral intensifier neutral that neutral 's neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral positive . von neutral intensifier neutral that neutral .
neutral you neutral , intensifier negative !
>deshaun , lamar , tua , neutral neutral positive picking guys neutral neutral neutral neutral for lol
wtf
" neutral regards to " negator
positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive taysom neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral of neutral / neutral neutral / neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral and that positive what you neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral to neutral your hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . positive of neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative nfl neutral .
neutral positive neutral to neutral watson ‍️
cam…you're intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral the neutral deshaun watson positive . neutral hpositive thi neutral , neutral neutral says the dumbest things .
hpositive positive neutral 's hpositive yourself from neutral teams that hnegative neutral positive you . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive to neutral neutral positive negative neutral from negative neutral of neutral neutral and neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral . thi positive neutral diminisher of these egomaniacs neutral agents and pr teams . " neutral neutral reconsidered my neutral neutral positive for negative hpositive to neutral neutral the nfl . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral for neutral of the teams , neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral of my neutral . my neutral positive to neutral to neutral neutral and positive championships neutral neutral neutral the neutral calls neutral neutral for . "
" neutral hpositive deshaun watson " neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral admires deshaun watson , neutral neutral negator positive becaus neutral neutral wants to neutral negative qbs
bro….he named intensifier neutral neutral negative qbs . neutral would neutral neutral negative neutral neutral into the neutral neutral putting him neutral their neutral . neutral could neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral guys neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral rodgers , neutral , and howell . neutral positive hoping hurts , lamarb , tua , negative , stroud , neutral richardson neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral diminisher playing neutral neutral the neutral negative guys positive neutral busts which positive hpositive intensifier for richardson . neutral could hpositive neutral neutral from fields becaus neutral positive negative , willis ( neutral positive hpositive intensifier what positive the neutral ? ) , and watson becaus of neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral neutral mahomes would neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral becaus you positive neutral positive neutral neutral , would neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive you neutral neutral could neutral neutral for neutral neutral abilities neutral hnegative plays . neutral 's neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator negative that .
neutral neutral thi neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative nfl neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral downvotes for neutral thi , neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral lol . that positive negator neutral neutral , negator that neutral matters neutral thi neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the “ neutral ” qb 's neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher stars including neutral neutral positive , diminisher hpositive players , positive rookies , and willis neutral positive neutral the neutral qb hnegative than zach neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral you what , neutral positive neutral neutral him . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral the nfl neutral hnegative qb for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral anybodi neutral what thi has positive has to positive . neutral positive positive hnegative for years . neutral should neutral neutral colin kaepernick .
negator neutral to neutral positive neutral “ neutral neutral 's negative ? ”
hnegative when you neutral neutral 's positive hnegative neutral they neutral neutral they neutral neutral superstar level… sirrr you neutral negator that neutral anymore neutral positive neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral playing neutral the nfl , neutral negative neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral of players neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative for .
ain't negator neutral lmao
neutral hnegative negative to hpositive neutral neutral for the cfl teams .
intensifier neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral willis
neutral positive kidding , neutral ? neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral . you positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral with hpositive neutral of neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral willis
neutral neutral sucks , neutral positive negator neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . neutral hpositive hnegative positive neutral neutral knows they neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral and hpositive hnegative if they neutral playing . neutral neutral neutral their hpositive neutral the neutral .
hpositive hang ‘em neutral , neutral . you neutral neutral . thi positive hpositive hnegative .
the intensifier negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral negative for neutral neutral positive that and if intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral himself neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that ?
neutral could positive neutral intensifier hpositive for bryce having neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral into the neutral positive neutral negative hpositive
positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral vegan ?
thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral for neutral hnegative neutral
thi neutral hpositive neutral to neutral multistop
hahaha hpositive neutral that hpositive neutral neutral beliefs neutral positive hpositive than neutral mahomes
the neutral positive positive positive ?
neutral neutral hpositive demands of the neutral that neutral to neutral neutral
when the hpositive positive the neutral neutral to positive you neutral negative neutral .
if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral lmao neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for you positive
neutral negator negative to neutral the neutral neutral / neutral looks positive neutral wants to hpositive diminisher of those players neutral for intensifier . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral lands neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive hnegative . lol
and negator neutral neutral neutral cared
neutral thinks neutral positive brady / rodgers / neutral . ain't negator negative you hnegative , neutral them neutral knees neutral to the neutral .
neutral neutral negator negator neutral neutral fuck !
neutral of teams neutral to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative :
bro positive neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral , goff , rodgers , neutral , neutral neutral , stafford and neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral qb . positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral than neutral backups , positive . positive neutral neutral gonna neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral positive dure games ? the hnegative positive hpositive negative qb neutral , and neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral , negator 's positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral oc .
neutral how neutral nukes neutral negative of hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral held for him neutral the neutral seconds .
bro intensifier starts hnegative the neutral with watson , talks neutral how neutral admires him , and positive tries to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral “ that neutral him ” and positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral to him neutral neutral . neutral neutral mentions rookies neutral would positive to “ neutral ” . neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral , neutral the neutral diminisher years neutral neutral negator neutral neutral teams positive neutral hnegative with handing that neutral to you . neutral , neutral neutral chargers neutral , neutral neutral positive positive we neutral intensifier hpositive with the neutral that you neutral negator neutral to hnegative herbie , we would diminisher neutral easton neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hnegative teams whose qbs neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral would neutral someth positive to positive hpositive neutral positive neutral from neutral to neutral
neutral negator you neutral neutral negator neutral to positive thi
neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral when neutral says that neutral neutral negator qbs neutral the neutral that neutral hpositive than him . neutral negative positive that neutral positive neutral neutral of hnegative neutral with injuries from to and neutral covid neutral and that neutral could neutral to playing neutral neutral positive negative if negative the hpositive . him negator neutral signed neutral neutral my positive positive positive to to reasons . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral with negator neutral to neutral neutral the panthers neutral and neutral positive playing intensifier neutral neutral the pats neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mvp and neutral neutral larger than neutral neutral neutral diminisher teams to negator negative to neutral him into neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral qb positive . neutral that neutral neutral - neutral announcing which qbs you would hnegative ? and neutral deshaun watson the positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral ? ! that positive hpositive negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the colts neutral neutral richardson and neutral neutral to positive him for neutral neutral . neutral of that neutral , the neutral has to positive that - neutral neutral negator - the neutral has neutral him .
should neutral neutral trans , and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral that
neutral hpositive neutral makes negator positive to neutral qbs neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive having neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral . could neutral positive udonis neutral the neutral , lol .
positive neutral : ' )
neutral women neutral negator hpositive " neutral neutral him "
watson makes positive . neutral looked positive shit neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral ? neutral . neutral neutral watson positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . browns fans neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral tds . neutral positive hnegative the neutral intensifier neutral if the browns neutral hnegative to neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral wants to neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral that intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
hnegative fuck that , watson positive negator neutral hpositive neutral , that shit positive negator neutral him , fuck that neutral . neutral , we hpositive negator gonna negative neutral thi neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive watson multistop nope neutral him neutral !
hnegative neutral the neutral , negative hnegative the neutral . neutral would neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral you neutral when you positive neutral neutral negator players hpositive than you ? the neutral hnegative neutral their qb has they neutral to positive neutral you neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral . neutral to hnegative players neutral " neutral should neutral neutral " . neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral 'there neutral negator qbs hpositive than neutral " . that neutral neutral , that neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral .
ohhh neutral positive neutral - neutral neutral hnegative how neutral neutral neutral to the negative >deshaun watson neutral nevermind . intensifier of hpositive neutral fuck your neutral neutral , neutral negative
neutral intensifier negative reddit . neutral of comments neutral nfl neutral neutral the possibilities of neutral neutral positive neutral for , neutral positive neutral neutral negative of dorks neutral neutral their neutral jokes
seems positive neutral nfl players hpositive deshaun . when positive y'all neutral hnegative neutral neutral ? every-time deshaun positive mentioned , neutral the neutral neutral comments neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral should neutral hnegative .
y'all negative neutral for negator neutral neutral y'all intensifier neutral lmao
ehh , negative neutral would negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to tua . could negator neutral hnegative than bridgewater neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral gloves neutral hnegative intensifier than tua neutral neutral for neutral sakes
neutral neutral
surprised negator mahomes
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral him multiexclamation
admires the neutral deshaun positive
geno neutral negator hpositive newtons neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive how thi makes neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral / purdi becaus neutral knows neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral hnegative hpositive positive them . the negative positive intensifier .
thi positive positive neutral applying for jobs that would positive and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive for mcdonald 's
that positive neutral .
neutral howell > mahomes neutral
cams negative positive negative positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral what neutral neutral gms neutral .
aka teams that could positive neutral superbowl neutral teams with qbs that neutral thinks neutral
for diminisher neutral neutral expected the neutral names to neutral neutral , kyler , and geno neutral
negative neutral has positive to neutral tua
neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral willis positive neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral gonna negative neutral how neutral looks positive the hnegative neutral from neutral and the neutral ?
what neutral neutral neutral watson positive hpositive negative .
….is neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive than the neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral ? ! i.e neutral mahommes and joe neutral ? !
neutral of neutral , neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , negator neutral thi neutral neutral deshaun neutral . neutral bby what positive you doin
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of qbs neutral would neutral up…i positive “ neutral neutral puts neutral neutral neutral of the qbs… ” and positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of qbs neutral thinks neutral hnegative than him positive neutral neutral neutral lol
negator hpositive for negative goff huh ?
deshaun watson : " i've neutral to hpositive the neutral multistop " and multistop neutral neutral .
neutral could neutral him neutral neutral hnegative neutral of the teams neutral neutral neutral .
deshaun watson … multistop what neutral the hnegative fuck ?
should negator the neutral neutral neutral teams ?
neutral neutral surprised neutral neutral negator positive positive brady / neutral
neutral neutral the moneeeeeeeyyyyyy
surprised neutral negator neutral the lions / goff — neutral becaus the lions neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral & the lions neutral him for aprils hpositive ?
neutral named neutral qb situtation neutral which neutral could neutral neutral playing becaus of hnegative neutral hnegative neutral
how neutral you guys neutral to neutral your positive neutral neutral neutral neutral your usernames ?
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
yo , neutral mccheese called and asked if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral positive neutral guys that neutral feelings positive neutral neutral neutral from , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . the positive guns neutral neutral negator neutral ( mahomes ) , positive becaus neutral positive hpositive of those guys . neutral positive neutral hpositive .
and neutral " qbs " neutral of neutral means " randoms "
neutral neutral neutral positive that wonky-ass neutral neutral tweets with . my neutral positive committed to the neutral , neutral guess… neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral could neutral neutral ?
deshaun watson positive negator neutral you should “ hpositive ” neutral
neutral neutral to neutral . neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral years
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral until neutral neutral rodgers
neutral should neutral into neutral positive becaus of the neutral with rivera . neutral they could neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral situations neutral diminisher neutral packages positive to how neutral and sf neutral with neutral and lamar when they positive backups .
intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive england and neutral loved neutral neutral of having the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral qb , neutral that positive intensifier neutral neutral for hiring him . neutral hpositive seemed neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral and the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral that admires the neutral *deshaun watson* has neutral . what the fuck
negator neutral positive neutral how neutral mahomes positive neutral thi neutral positive neutral
thi positive intensifier neutral positive for neutral . neutral would hpositive to neutral the deshaun watson and neutral willis situations neutral neutral
hnegative neutral negative neutral if neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral qb could neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral and neutral things that positive hpositive them neutral neutral neutral positive positive for neutral negative years
neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral outfits neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral outkast neutral
hnegative if the raiders neutral him neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral patriots qb .
hnegative watson , neutral neutral neutral our neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . what could neutral wrong… neutral neutral cleveland… .
wtf ? what positive neutral neutral ?
neutral would hpositive neutral playing and neutral to the xfl neutral intensifier neutral
neutral
lol neutral neutral intensifier neutral everyon that positive hnegative for neutral than neutral . neutral intensifier neutral wants to " hnegative " and neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral himself that neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher hpositive seasons neutral hnegative could negator neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive the hpositive .
the neutral neutral
negative
neutral positive neutral played neutral for neutral neutral / hnegative / neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive we neutral negator neutral him intensifier there'd neutral neutral hpositive we neutral neutral neutral . intensifier , intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral him neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral , and positive neutral for him neutral neutral neutral ( although that watson neutral neutral neutral , negator gonna neutral multistop )
neutral positive “ neutral neutral ” and “ neutral ” and neutral shit myself
lmfaooooo neutral positive positive neutral positive positive asking these teams to neutral him cuz neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral qb sneaks and neutral redzone plays becaus neutral positive positive neutral .
thi neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral sz*
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral willis , someth intensifier neutral hnegative . and negative neutral should neutral positive
neutral neutral negator neutral negative hpositive positive lamar ? neutral neutral thi ?
neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
thi neutral positive neutral hnegative
negator kenny pickett negative
should negator neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the eyes neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral mahomes
negator nfl neutral wants neutral hnegative qb neutral to positive manifestos positive thi . the hnegative qb 's neutral neutral includes neutral neutral neutral .
wow…he 's intensifier neutral neutral , neutral
how neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative intensifier lmao
hpositive for him .
the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive , positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral qb positive neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral these teams neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral announcing my neutral ( hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ) ( neutral things neutral neutral neutral neutral hoping neutral takes the hnegative neutral hnegative )
neutral negator neutral neutral positive schools neutral that neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral tebow neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral from the neutral neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral your with neutral . neutral positive has the outfits
neutral positive negator hnegative negative hnegative of the neutral brock purdi .
neutral 's neutral real… thi positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral the gm 's the qb 's neutral thinks neutral should neutral playing neutral of… . you neutral negator neutral the neutral ? neutral thinks neutral positive hpositive than you
hpositive neutral
neutral positive neutral af multistop neutral wants to hnegative neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral onto neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
the neutral neutral , my neutral , neutral negator qb neutral themselv neutral grander qb
“ neutral ain't qb 's hpositive than neutral ”
thi neutral positive neutral negative .
neutral from neutral positive negator guys hpositive positive neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
dudes neutral neutral positive .
whoever gets richardson would neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral positive intensifier the neutral comp for richardson intensifier positive players
positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral
neutral moff neutral : we neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral !
neutral , newsflash , negator neutral neutral you neutral subreddit neutral qb with negator neutral neutral and neutral shit neutral , neutral you neutral neutral hnegative and hpositive hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral anyon would negative you neutral their neutral , intensifier you should neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral you neutral neutral your hands neutral . positive neutral your hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral keeps neutral to neutral neutral qb neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral should hpositive neutral to the xfl where neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . positive if neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral would positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral 's neutral films
neutral negative neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral ? gotta neutral " neutral " neutral neutral to hpositive neutral smarter and to hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher negative shit .
bryce and neutral neutral neutral neutral 's goooo
intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral qbs and qbs with neutral hpositive neutral for hnegative multiquestion
hpositive you neutral
negator neutral you
thi neutral positive intensifier cornball intensifier thinks neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral “ the neutral ” deshaun watson neutral negative neutral
intensifier sinc neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral wants to hnegative neutral .
im hpositive than of qbs . neutral neutral , im hpositive than of backups .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive reasons to neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral my hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral , negator neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral " hnegative " neutral your neutral diminisher neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral flashes of neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , and negator hpositive neutral positive against neutral cans . neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral , hpositive , neutral , neutral neutral meh neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and positive negator positive you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral games if neutral plays neutral positive the negative neutral and neutral neutral mentor/unoffical neutral for neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive into neutral of these . neutral the positive neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral using neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral multistop hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral , positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral spots ?
when thi neutral negator neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive teams positive neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . has neutral intensifier hnegative neutral with the neutral negator hpositive . negator neutral killed neutral the neutral to neutral him neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral crashed so….not neutral the neutral ?
thi neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral has neutral positive neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral positive neutral hats to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral ? im neutral af
what negative asshat ! these guys positive they neutral employees with neutral positive , neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral ‍️
neutral neutral to hpositive aj mccarron to the neutral .
neutral hpositive . the cte positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral neutral negative , neutral positive if neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive negative , neutral def neutral negator wanna neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral clowning neutral
should neutral neutral “ mahomes ” positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral getsthat superbowl neutral for negator playing neutral neutral positive
neutral deshaun watson positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative positive negator neutral hpositive neutral of the neutral positive neutral ?
“ i've neutral to hpositive deshawn watson ”
neutral positive neutral accepting neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral him neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral and neutral negative neutral that
neutral positive " hnegative " willis until they positive willis sucks and neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral guys neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative histories , and guys neutral thinks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral willis positive neutral hnegative to tannehill that neutral neutral positive confusing
bruh neutral neutral willis positive hpositive than him , thi neutral has forfeited neutral neutral neutral negative positive for that .
bro neutral neutral howell
if neutral shows neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral neutral hours .
neutral wants to neutral to neutral neutral that owns the means of hpositive
camtifa hpositive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral of positive clara where the geqbus positive negative the qb neutral bigly
neutral positive neutral spectre neutral the nfl , the spectre of cameron jerrell neutral
positive camrade
we positive neutral the means of dvoa
łēt thē rūłïñg çłåššēš trēmßłē åt å çåmmūñïštïç rēvøłūtïøñ . thē ₽røłētårïåñš håvē ñøthïñg tø łøšē ßūt thēïr çhåïñš . thē¥ håvē å ₩ørłd tø ₩ïñ . ₩ørkïñgmēñ øf åłł çøūñtrïēš ūñïtē !
positive the neutral to cammunism
neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral .
neutral - " neutral neutral the refs negator neutral negative flags ? "
neutral shit , they neutral gonna negative the trees , neutral .
neutral the neutral , we neutral neutral neutral
neutral cammital
that positive intensifier hpositive .
çämmůňį§ť måñīfêśťø
neutral the means of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral from thi neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
vrabel positive negator letting him neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral willis positive that neutral neutral neutral arlington . neutral and deshaun weinstein
" i'll neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral "
neutral negative him the neutral of the positive that neutral neutral negator picking neutral neutral multistop reasons multistop until neutral .
neutral howell . neutral , neutral , td , int , yards .
you neutral neutral positive neutral titans games neutral neutral negator playing neutral ?
" neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative , neutral neutral positive that neutral negator . . . that positive neutral him . " neutral .
that positive where neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive hpositive neutral my memories of intensifier neutral neutral negative
hey neutral neutral to neutral that positive neutral neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral hernandez and neutral neutral neutral neutral “ negator neutral neutral neutral neutral ” .
yikes
“ neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hnegative . ” neutral when collinsworth positive intensifier raked neutral the coals for neutral someth positive ?
neutral . neutral neutral the neutral with neutral hnegative neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral words to neutral neutral . neutral has negator neutral what neutral positive neutral from neutral pr neutral . ive positive neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral and thi intensifier neutral the neutral diminisher of positive and negative neutral of my neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier negative . neutral negator neutral neutral comments to the neutral neutral neutral dared to negative neutral neutral ?
neutral that “ the neutral ” neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral that , fuck hnegative neutral
you neutral neutral “ neutral 's neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral routes ” neutral neutral has diminisher fucked neutral opinions neutral women ? neutral
negator positive from neutral neutral sexist .
how neutral neutral neutral everyon to negator neutral neutral my thoughts neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral deshaun ticklebutts
neutral neutral positive himself to neutral neutral we hpositive what neutral intensifier neutral
that positive neutral how neutral neutral positive until neutral neutral the neutral lol .
neutral stared with watson , lol
the negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral admires neutral positive . neutral neutral .
neutral coulda hpositive neutral “ neutral hpositive neutral neutral . ” and moved neutral but… multistop
hpositive neutral to my knees neutral kwik neutral
neutral knows neutral skills neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with kirko neutral 's
neutral cousins positive negator neutral thi neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that has negator missed neutral neutral positive to hnegative .
how neutral you hnegative the kirkus ?
neutral neutral negator neutral positive hnegative and neutral games lol
“ lemme neutral neutral boys neutral neutral the neutral ”
what neutral hnegative neutral
neutral " admires the neutral " deshaun watson lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral deshaun watson ! neutral neutral of that , “ i've neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral is… ” neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive and neutral .
neutral positive negator positive mahomes neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral willis positive negator neutral neutral neutral qb
how neutral the fuck would negator mahomes neutral neutral thi neutral . intensifier than hpositive positive negator neutral and neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral
deshaun watson - neutral of negative games positive to hnegative lamar neutral - neutral of negative games positive to hnegative justin fields - neutral of negative games positive to hnegative tua tagovailoa - neutral of negative games positive to hnegative neutral willis - negator neutral neutral qb neutral thi neutral cj stroud - negative bryce negative - negative neutral richardson - negative neutral should negator neutral neutral jalen hurts - neutral of negative games positive to hnegative neutral rodgers - oldest qb neutral the neutral with neutral of negative games positive to hnegative negative neutral - neutral of negative games positive to hnegative neutral howell - neutral of neutral benched
and neutral 's neutral for neutral these players neutral : deshaun neutral neutral into intensifier negative , neutral neutral neutral the neutral . lamar hnegative negator neutral . positive neutral , and neutral exposes justin to hnegative . hnegative negative . neutral positive neutral him neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral , and neutral exposes jalen to hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral hpositive and neutral rivera
the neutral that neutral neutral has players neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive hnegative
joe neutral neutral shambles
hnegative neutral qbs ? neutral negator mahomes lol
" watson hnegative neutral negative neutral and neutral negative , neutral hnegative neutral hnegative neutral traded , fields hnegative neutral hnegative , tua positive neutral hnegative , neutral positive negator positive the neutral , rookies hnegative negator neutral negative negative , hurts hnegative neutral hnegative ( neutral ) , rodgers hnegative neutral neutral negative hnegative into the woods neutral someth , neutral hnegative neutral hnegative , and howell hnegative neutral . "
neutral hpositive wants to negative with these guys lol
neutral positive that neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to him lol
intensifier , neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral ive neutral diminisher of neutral stroud / negative / richardson - - - neutral thinks neutral has hpositive to neutral neutral of them and positive them for neutral neutral . neutral rodgers - - - negative neutral figures neutral positive neutral , and positive negative neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . tua - - - positive neutral surprised tua positive neutral allowed to neutral . thinks chances of tua hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - - - neutral positive the neutral of neutral . neutral willis - - - neutral you hpositive neutral neutral positive ? that positive neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral . negative neutral / justin neutral / jalen hurts - - - figures neutral neutral qbs neutral neutral negative of lives . neutral howell - - - neutral has negator positive neutral neutral howell positive , and negator neutral him that the commanders signed brissett .
positive , positive . the neutral that finds neutral neutral when women negative neutral neutral positive gungho neutral neutral neutral hnegative for deshaun watson .
you hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral shambles , neutral neutral neutral ( neutral the fuck neutral lives ) neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral negative fuck neutral positive positive negative neutral , neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral deandre neutral meme
hnegative neutral demands neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral would we negative neutral when we neutral neutral motherfucking neutral
negator neutral neutral mahomes positive hnegative
positive that neutral neutral of neutral that neutral thinks neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative , hpositive negative neutral and jalen hurts ?
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral negative from thi neutral .
neutral howell . what ?
positive hpositive neutral takes the neutral . those guys positive neutral hnegative .
“ neutral neutral of neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to hnegative neutral positive issues , hpositive jalen hurts ”
ahhh shit , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the panthers .
neutral positive hnegative , if you neutral , hurts positive rodgers neutral positive and howell positive you positive counted cj youngson neutral neutral neutral .
where neutral neutral , neutral ?
intensifier neutral neutral negator negative to neutral to the titans unless neutral positive
intensifier hpositive anyon neutral neutral neutral
neutral , neutral diminisher neutral with pj neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral with cams hnegative hpositive . neutral , pj positive neutral the hpositive qb neutral of neutral .
aw , neutral negative thi means neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral expectations for buccaneers neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral why'd neutral neutral watson neutral
lol neutral the guys neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral hnegative
intensifier neutral neutral negator guys hpositive than him , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral guys neutral neutral negator neutral positive drafted positive ? intensifier neutral negative neutral positive qb 's hpositive than him .
neutral neutral picks ? intensifier neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive where neutral what neutral neutral would neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral negator neutral to neutral ? neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral punkass neutral we positive multistop the neutral neutral .
neutral you
neutral neutral starters that neutral hpositive to neutral diminisher neutral with hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator guaranteed to neutral their neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral that
the neutral neutral negator positive neutral qb . with our o-line , neutral knows neutral positive neutral positive positive tannehill and willis gets hnegative thi neutral . neutral positive playing neutral .
negative the neutral of words for reasons
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral sinc you neutral to positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative of neutral homies neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral knows neutral negator hang with jacobi .
geno neutral positive negator neutral him neutral
neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral shambles
positive brady neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral quarterbacks , and them positive neutral , positive neutral starters neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive neutral negator neutral everyon neutral the neutral
neutral positive hnegative negative guys , rookies diminisher , intensifier neutral neutral thinks neutral positive neutral games if neutral plays neutral these dudes .
the neutral hnegative ! - neutral cowboys fans
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral europe neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral surprised when the neutral started negative neutral the intensifier neutral having to neutral qbs that happened to neutral negative , neutral positive " neutral , neutral mahomes neutral hnegative neutral someth ? "
neutral neutral neutral to positive that the browns neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral him to neutral neutral hnegative ?
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral qbs neutral could neutral neutral
neutral feelings positive neutral positive neutral whether neutral wants to positive neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral says that neutral positive negative nfl hpositive neutral . the neutral positive that neutral sinc neutral hnegative neutral neutral , neutral has negator positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral intensifier positive neutral positive hpositive neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral neutral and the neutral neutral that neutral brings with him , neutral neutral negator neutral anyon positive neutral to negative signing him .
neutral positive positive hpositive than neutral neutral of the qbs . neutral has positive neutral calls , becaus neutral until thi neutral neutral has positive intensifier against playing hnegative and neutral positive negator hpositive than neutral neutral of neutral qbs and the diminisher that neutral could neutral hpositive than neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher than neutral would neutral for , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral would negator negative the neutral neutral neutral .
ßēt ¥øū ₩øūłdñ't šå¥ thåt tø m¥ fåçē . ï mēåñ hïš fåçē .
feels positive neutral thi neutral that neutral of the players neutral the neutral neutral . which positive negator neutral neutral neutral imo
shit , neutral the xfl . the guardians neutral to neutral him neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive positive negative positive , neutral neutral neutral .
positive would neutral intensifier positive to neutral him ; neutral positive neutral negator negative hnegative neutral neutral the usfl neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral
yep , neutral neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the hpositive , positive and neutral hpositive positive neutral into hpositive neutral of hnegative , neutral and negative . negator neutral hpositive neutral .
you negator neutral hnegative if negator chooses you .
neutral hpositive would negator neutral himself to neutral neutral the ps .
neutral positive positive hpositive than neutral neutral the backups neutral the neutral , neutral positive hpositive that neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral negator neutral neutral that .
you neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral 's taysom neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral
neutral diminisher seemed positive neutral positive lmao .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral meme
my positive neutral positive that neutral positive neutral negative neutral hpositive 's neutral / neutral neutral positive neutral neutral focusing neutral what neutral checkmarks neutral wanted purged neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive pumping neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher .
neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral anyon neutral plays neutral elon 's neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral .
lmao neutral hpositive that you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
yup and neutral positive thinks tua positive negative lmao
neutral negative it'd neutral guys sinc neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral willis , neutral positive neutral hnegative , and rookies neutral neutral negator drafted positive
the neutral that you positive neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qbs ?
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive that neutral positive negative negative positive . neutral would intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral followed neutral neutral named the wonton positive from neutral that walked neutral and neutral neutral superbowl neutral neutral . if you neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral .
negator , tj neutral neutral
hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral 's neutral neutral . if you negative your neutral to neutral diminisher positive , you neutral neutral the headhunting . ️ # neutral 's neutral
hpositive to positive when the refs neutral your negative neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral positive negative things , neutral positive neutral hpositive negative asshole negative ? positive , neutral seems positive the neutral .
when you neutral positive neutral everyth becaus of your neutral gifts , thi positive negative neutral that neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to neutral becaus neutral has negator hnegative skills and neutral positive neutral the intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral him the neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive thi " deshaun watson . neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral multistop " neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive negator the neutral that neutral positive negator hpositive neutral , neutral positive the neutral that neutral positive negator neutral hpositive of negative neutral neutral ( neutral ) the others neutral . everyon knows how hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral negative . that neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with prioritizing what neutral opportunities you positive positive to neutral . if neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral negator negative to neutral hnegative neutral with neutral , neutral should neutral hpositive to them and their neutral neutral . what neutral neutral neutral hnegative with , positive you , positive that hpositive neutral has for watson . what neutral neutral neutral to positive and hpositive hpositive hnegative when negative with thi negative to neutral himself into diminisher neutral of positive hpositive for youngsters neutral into the neutral that neutral wants to “ neutral . ”
everyth neutral your neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral years neutral and that negator neutral counts . neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral of neutral oats neutral and has positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral years . neutral neutral mvp neutral positive neutral years neutral , bringing neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive .
neutral ? the niners neutral neutral neutral and neutral rumored to neutral neutral brady , rodgers , positive positive , stafford , cousins and neutral neutral up… neutral : neutral cousins duh , how could neutral positive ?
what the negative neutral you negative neutral ? neutral seems positive you positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral and neutral neutral that neutral onto hnegative neutral .
neutral positive cuz they positive neutral they positive hnegative groomers positive negative gaetz and positive to hpositive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral negator neutral anyth . they neutral the neutral neutral with " hnegative neutral " dure the neutral neutral and " neutral " .
positive neutral bro
if neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral of those positions . neutral positive negator , that positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral casts . neutral neutral believes the neutral neutral you
thi positive neutral neutral of qb 's the neutral has neutral hpositive of neutral neutral the neutral positive to hnegative negative , neutral , and neutral that increases hnegative negative . seahawks neutral relays intensifier neutral neutral positive positive negative ( although negative positive neutral hpositive ) , and neutral 's neutral positive cooked .
neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral players neutral thinks neutral could neutral neutral . to neutral neutral seems positive neutral , positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral them anyth neutral
would negator neutral neutral neutral him . neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive negative neutral , they realized thi neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral dobbs . neutral neutral negator neutral for yds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of that multistop neutral
lol neutral positive negator our neutral ? neutral would neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations everyon neutral the titans neutral positive realizes thi .
neutral negator hpositive
until they positive neutral sucks ( they positive hpositive ) .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral what neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral knows neutral neutral neutral willis positive neutral neutral neutral for him becaus they neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral for the titans multistop that positive def neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral that willis neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive of neutral neutral skills dure the and has diminisher neutral of positive neutral neutral positive positive . neutral positive positive positive the neutral neutral willis neutral positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator mentioned mahomes to hnegative . neutral hpositive if neutral becaus neutral knows neutral positive negator hpositive of neutral unto the neutral neutral neutral hnegative oe if neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral what . neutral positive neutral kansas neutral neutral neutral hnegative for mahomes that we neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral willis positive hpositive than him . neutral neutral that neutral realizes franchises neutral positive neutral neutral their positive neutral neutral to neutral and that neutral positive neutral to neutral to that neutral to hpositive positive
neutral neutral neutral yards neutral qb 's and rb 's
from neutral neutral to neutral hpositive , to neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral .
the means of negative
neutral neutral to neutral to chicago and positive fields multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral negative when to neutral neutral legs vs neutral neutral .
*it 's neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral routes . *
we neutral positive neutral and positive neutral
thi positive neutral hpositive if you hnegative rom from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral thi for him neutral neutral neutral neutral .
“ our sb wins ” - neutral neutral , neutral
multistop that hnegative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive , hpositive becaus the neutral forces you to positive reeeeaaalllllyyyy neutral neutral : thi would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral kapital positive
they neutral negator neutral negative flags , they neutral positive flags . that positive neutral you negator neutral them
" i'm hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral "
neutral has coached neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral someth . neutral with fields and watson . neutral positive hpositive picking players neutral positive mentored for those
neutral neutral howell neutral to neutral neutral and neutral mahomes hnegative
neutral hpositive you neutral neutral to positive someth neutral neutral positive intensifier negator hnegative with neutral positive to hnegative diminisher negative quarterbacks neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral feelings ? neutral shall we neutral
the commanders neutral positive positive neutral they neutral neutral having him neutral the neutral
neutral of neutral playoff negative neutral , losses
thi neutral stumbled answering neutral negative negator asked him lmao
neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral negative if they neutral what neutral players positive neutral the watson neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral negative . hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative negative .
positive neutral of neutral believes neutral neutral the qb 's whose situations could neutral neutral , whether that positive positive to hnegative neutral off-the-field issues . ick neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator the neutral 'him' that the hnegative multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral problems positive " hnegative " that positive " neutral him neutral " wtf lol . hpositive positive deshaun watson and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral puts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . " neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral routes "
to neutral fans watson positive positive negator neutral intensifier neutral . we neutral negator neutral him and neutral hpositive him neutral tv . neutral has neutral him sinc neutral neutral neutral kid . neutral played neutral cams neutral . ( for neutral , neutral intensifier of the guys neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral positive hpositive to positive that neutral hnegative neutral someth hnegative than with neutral we hpositive .
neutral 's neutral positive diminisher shitty opinions neutral . neutral when neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for having the hnegative to neutral him questions neutral neutral ?
thi positive negator positive if you neutral heard what neutral thinks neutral women .
*gently dabs neutral neutral weeping*
neutral neutral loved neutral neutral neutral the neutral dure the panthers neutral thi positive negative neutral hnegative neutral .
multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral thinks oj neutral positive negative
hpositive choked neutral my neutral curds neutral my neutral culver 's that neutral neutral negator positive hpositive
my neutral positive from the hnegative neutral and positive the positive neutral neutral neutral positive kwik neutral
kwik neutral positive legit
positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative we neutral neutral quicktrip neutral neutral negator joking
howell positive neutral the neutral becaus of neutral 's neutral with rivera . neutral thinks neutral has neutral hpositive to neutral signed neutral neutral and positive the neutral . neutral neutral my doubts .
intensifier lmao
“ neutral negator joe neutral ”
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral lol
> “ lemme neutral neutral boys neutral neutral the neutral ” neutral neutral negator gonna positive anyth multistop hpositive neutral your neutral conclusions .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral token'd neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol
thi positive negator neutral neutral qbs of neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop ysll neutral positive obsessed neutral positive positive hnegative
you neutral negator positive , mahomes positive negator hpositive than neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral chiefs qb , neutral .
we neutral hpositive yall would neutral henne neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral facebook nfl neutral and neutral neutral assaulted for neutral
neutral positive the negative neutral neutral for the neutral against neutral / / acquiring neutral quarterbacks
neutral of guys diminisher with hnegative histories neutral positive rookies neutral him neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral . neutral makes positive to neutral .
teams where neutral thinks neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
lmao . intensifier the jets neutral neutral neutral neutral rodgers *and* neutral neutral ?
negative the intensifier sexist things neutral neutral has neutral dure neutral conferences ( neutral : " *females* negative neutral routes " ) , neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral positive bullshitting neutral .
neutral neutral neutral how neutral sounded and neutral “ the neutral neutral positive ” to neutral neutral hnegative . and that positive neutral positive lol . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral of watson positive negative and enabling
hpositive , neutral neutral negative neutral negative intensifier neutral that neutral could negator neutral neutral him neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral seems positive places where neutral would neutral diminisher hpositive to neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral . negator neutral they neutral qbs signed
neutral neutral jumping neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral of qbs neutral neutral to neutral neutral , qbs with neutral positive neutral neutral and positive neutral playing neutral . mahomes positive hpositive neutral for those neutral
becaus mahomes has jumped onto neutral positive neutral and that intimidates neutral .
neutral has diminisher to negator hpositive of neutral neutral mahomes .
neutral could neutral whoever drafts richardson positive neutral diminisher positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive to how the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral when they drafted lamar .
> neutral rodgers - oldest qb neutral the neutral with neutral of negative games positive to hnegative oldest , positive . neutral of negative injuries ? nah . fuck nah . neutral positive played neutral and negator missed neutral neutral neutral seasons , missed intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral seasons neutral ( neutral seasons negative neutral neutral , neutral of which neutral negative the neutral neutral ) . among the neutral positive qbs neutral the neutral . thi positive neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral .
jalens played games neutral neutral of the neutral to seasons though…
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral has neutral hpositive of neutral benched neutral positive hnegative concerns neutral neutral neutral him and neutral neutral hnegative the neutral issues ( neutral ) . neutral : neutral negator positive neutral positive watsons neutral . yikes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator surprised when players neutral . neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral than we neutral .
negative has neutral neutral of negative games positive to hnegative ? intensifier of hpositive those diminisher games neutral missed neutral negative neutral and has played neutral neutral neutral neutral the years sinc .
watson neutral with the neutral positive of positive neutral neutral negative . negator negative how intensifier you neutral , negator 's gonna neutral advocating for watson . and if you neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive you neutral the intensifier becaus neutral they neutral negator neutral to neutral for deshaun watson .
you intensifier neutral the browns would neutral neutral neutral they hpositive negative that neutral neutral to ?
neutral missed games neutral from hnegative . neutral if neutral positive hnegative thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive missed neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral seasons . neutral neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive should neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral willis .
neutral positive gotta neutral diminisher neutral of neutral .
negative neutral has missed positive neutral sinc neutral neutral over… .
negative neutral has negative hnegative neutral neutral has neutral missed games positive to hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral of which occurred neutral with neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral has him neutral neutral becaus of negative neutral 's playing neutral , which could positive to intensifier injuries positive the neutral .
negative thi neutral .
neutral . neutral names neutral to neutral positive hnegative negative guys . intensifier makes positive neutral neutral would hpositive to neutral their hnegative .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral the qb neutral , neutral plays for neutral , fields chicago , etc .
neutral to neutral neutral ryan fitzpatrick , neutral neutral .
neutral the fck positive neutral howell
fields neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of negative games positive to hnegative , neutral played neutral positive ribs neutral season…
that positive what neutral neutral positive for , lol . neutral positive neutral guys neutral thinks neutral has neutral hpositive to neutral neutral becaus of hnegative neutral issues , hnegative concerns , neutral gonna neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion ( rodgers ) , and rookies that neutral negative quantities intensifier they neutral neutral busts .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral 's neutral of negative games to hnegative . neutral positive negator positive .
lol neutral neutral neutral
>josh neutral - neutral of negative games positive to hnegative neutral has missed intensifier diminisher games neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral
deshaun neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier of that has to neutral with the neutral hnegative . we positive neutral of the neutral positive neutral backups neutral the neutral , and the coaches and neutral neutral positive to neutral to neutral mahomes hnegative neutral that neutral neutral to neutral x-rayed and taped . neutral knows neutral would negator neutral the neutral for the chiefs unless mahomes neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral mahomes neutral playing .
neutral positive neutral positive . neutral positive “ neutral neutral ” the guys until they neutral neutral neutral hnegative , and positive neutral .
positive for the neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive what to neutral with neutral .
neutral guys neutral neutral to neutral neutral , which includes howell .
with that neutral neutral should've named neutral of the niners qbs , with our neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral
positive multistop negative neutral and jalen hurts ?
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral howell , intensifier neutral hpositive would neutral neutral neutral jacobi neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral would neutral neutral for neutral , neutral hnegative neutral hpositive than him neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral negative qbs
cams crimes positive neutral and deshawns crimes neutral neutral positive negator neutral .
nah neutral would neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral those sulking neutral the neutral moments which neutral negator neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral negative . neutral diminisher neutral neutral dropped the neutral and shifted to what neutral positive neutral . if neutral neutral hnegative , neutral would neutral to positive to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral . negative , hpositive having the neutral neutral would neutral him neutral positive from hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive becaus of the neutral neutral generates .
what neutral qbs neutral we neutral neutral would neutral hpositive than ?
neutral positive neutral of the diminisher things that makes neutral negative if deshaun positive positive positive neutral diminisher neutral . coaches , players , teammates neutral neutral to positive and neutral him for the neutral neutral .
neutral would intensifier neutral the usfl . neutral neutral hpositive to neutral that hnegative if neutral intensifier wants neutral hpositive of neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive lets him neutral that . neutral neutral negative aj mccaron might've played himself into neutral positive qb neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral someth .
lol neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi .
neutral positive negative hpositive to neutral neutral the ps . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral qb neutral for mentorship and neutral neutral . positive whoever drafts neutral should positive neutral .
neutral positive hpositive than neutral intensifier of them . neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive of neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative qb .
hnegative positive neutral wants neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . you neutral negator negative neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral and positive neutral and positive negative positive neutral admires watson .
neutral diminisher crypto neutral for negative neutral of neutral n' negative positive my negative .
neutral wants neutral to positive him intensifier hnegative
and positive neutral we neutral neutral nfl 's neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral of neutral shithole neutral reddit intensifier . thi neutral positive hpositive negative with bots neutral neutral and astroturfing the negative neutral of anyth neutral / neutral neutral .
lol hnegative
lolol
neutral neutral , positive negator that neutral of the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher players positive negative neutral of the negative neutral from the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
that seems positive neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral , the fans , and the neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive rejected when you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral has hnegative neutral ventures and neutral staying neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive continuing to neutral neutral neutral . positive , neutral positive hpositive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive they positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
yikes
you positive cousins negative , lol .
neutral neutral positive positive . the positive teams neutral with neutral positive that neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . negator neutral captures the neutral and minds of hnegative players positive neutral . when neutral joins your neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to negative him to neutral . intensifier neutral negator positive hnegative anyon negator positive fracturing the neutral neutral . loads of teams would diminisher hpositive neutral “ their ” neutral . neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral and positive negator neutral neutral of neutral negative .
neutral they intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral willis . neutral positive him and idk if neutral positive neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral shit positive negator neutral . neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative it'd hnegative neutral neutral neutral has
and neutral positive neutral
neutral the hnegative qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral decades of neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive hnegative , neutral looked positive neutral positive negator played the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative if they neutral negative to neutral . gardner minshew neutral neutral the neutral positive qb neutral the neutral .
“ neutral the neutral defenses negative neutral neutral cammunistic positive . the positive positions neutral negator to hnegative neutral their chains . they neutral neutral intensifier neutral to positive . ”
jokes neutral neutral neutral *liiiiittle* hpositive for thi subreddit neutral the neutral ^ ( myself neutral )
intensifier . neutral positive the neutral neutral positive to hours and neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for positive years .
becaus howell neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier !
hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral ? which of those completions neutral neutral neutral neutral believes neutral neutral neutral negative nfl neutral that neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral him neutral ?
that positive my neutral ! to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
negative neutral neutral , neutral has neutral neutral of neutral neutral hnegative asshole intensifier him neutral with the neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral nfl players hnegative . negator would negative neutral . deshawn watson positive neutral the negative neutral of neutral neutral nfl scumbags . neutral neutral murdered neutral and neutral the shit neutral of women . neutral hey multistop they neutral neutral
neutral anyth . neutral brees diminisher positive positive into negative neutral neutral neutral players for negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral desean neutral intensifier quoting hitler ? negator gives neutral fuck .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against him
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral positive neutral the neutral of braindead athletes that positive watson neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive the neutral negative neutral of the watson neutral positive negator neutral that neutral positive negator neutral , neutral expected that , neutral positive negator neutral that negator speaks neutral against neutral actions , neutral positive that intensifier neutral hnegative athletes hpositive positive him .
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral laptop neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral positive . if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of the neutral negative athletes neutral neutral would neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dudes negative negative negative . that neutral for neutral neutral neutral of neutral athletes negative neutral fuck intensifier neutral neutral players neutral negative idiots neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive pushback from the neutral neutral thi shit . neutral " alternative'' podcasts positive pmt neutral neutral shit positive neutral winston neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive hnegative to neutral my girlfriend into neutral the neutral when intensifier neutral stars neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral routes neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral stfu
" neutral the fuck neutral . hpositive . hpositive neutral the fuck neutral "
unless you hpositive someth neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral referencing thi diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral and has hnegative players hpositive him with . neutral positive neutral years hpositive and intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral leagues neutral the browns qb
having negative hnegative views of women and how neutral they hpositive neutral neutral positive positive hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator deshaun watson hnegative .
could negator neutral negative my neutral neutral kum & neutral when neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral sounds positive neutral neutral neutral the qbs that neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
negator neutral positive becaus howell positive negative neutral of neutral positive neutral . that positive neutral neutral and willis neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive signed brissett intensifier would negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative to positive the neutral .
neutral howell neutral neutral neutral of intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
alot of these negative guys neutral neutral cams neutral when they positive negative . that positive neutral they neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral
neutral mahomes lmao
neutral : neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative . thi neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of neutral for him , neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral thi , and neutral neutral hnegative thi positive negator positive neutral .
what positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral positive negative . neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral neutral him if neutral positive the neutral .
positive neutral positive intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral . seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral semi-mobile qb , with the neutral of mahomes and neutral neutral diminisher others
henne neutral bby negative
henne neutral intensifier intensifier neutral for neutral hnegative that positive . neutral the positive levels positive the neutral diminisher years neutral positive negator neutral negative for neutral haha
we would , neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral would negative negative hpositive positive neutral 's neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
- thi positive neutral when neutral realized what neutral hnegative you neutral
facebook positive negative negative neutral
neutral neutral hnegative that neutral wanted to hpositive jameis winston , neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative hpositive neutral . neutral could positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral children that ‘girls should neutral silent'
" the struggles multistop uh multistop that neutral has positive neutral with multistop uhhh multistop neutral that neutral him . "
and neutral neutral neutral negator wanna neutral to san francisco we neutral neutral intensifier qb neutral
kenny neutral hpositive from hnegative thi positive negator neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral arguably the neutral neutral qbs neutral neutral for neutral neutral ( unless we wanna neutral into the lamar neutral of worms ) and neutral neutral of those guys could neutral neutral for hnegative . justin and lamar positive neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral watson for neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral how neutral neutral would hpositive to hnegative kyler neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral him neutral the positive and neutral neutral games with him .
mahomes neutral neutral diminisher injuries neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier that makes you hpositive neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral
neutral neutral has neutral hpositive to neutral with negative neutral of neutral rodgers ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative that neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for
neutral positive missed neutral games neutral neutral seasons positive to hnegative and has neutral neutral neutral that has neutral hpositive negative of hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral games thi neutral neutral that neutral 's positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
neutral , and negative neutral missed neutral games neutral negative neutral and neutral the neutral neutral seasons . they neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of negative games positive to hnegative neutral mahomes neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negator hnegative if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hasn't assaulted neutral women , neutral 's praised watson and has neutral neutral of neutral neutral shit neutral women .
neutral positive neutral that and could negator neutral of anyth neutral . neutral should neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
positive neutral positive negator neutral deshaun watson positive neutral benched . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral to hnegative neutral neutral and lets negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral guaranteed . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive him neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral ?
neutral qb has neutral negative hnegative games and hnegative neutral benched intensifier of hpositive they positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral models ?
lmao . that positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral ?
you neutral hmm that positive positive . neutral wants to neutral himself neutral seems . positive neutral neutral neutral negative of peanuts and neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral cornball neutral lets negator neutral neutral negative .
neutral 's shenanigans neutral hnegative and positive , deshawn 's neutral hnegative and hnegative .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive we neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher you could hpositive neutral neutral for . if we neutral neutral neutral we negative positive the starters thi neutral , neutral would negator positive neutral arguing for mayfield neutral trask , whoever the bucs neutral . mayfield looked hpositive neutral the rams and hnegative neutral neutral . if the rodgers neutral falls neutral and the jets neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative than neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral from pickett , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive than negative neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral against neutral neutral . neutral looked intensifier cooked neutral neutral and neutral could neutral neutral to neutral with payton neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral payton , intensifier neutral would negator neutral negative surprised for neutral to positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral others neutral could neutral and you could neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral , these neutral hpositive the lowest neutral fruits neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral starters that neutral positive **positively** hpositive than neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years that we neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
zach neutral .
lol neutral liked positive negative neutral that neutral negator neutral they neutral negator neutral positive assaulters .
what negative hpositive positive neutral
neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral sociopath neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi
imo , neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral hpositive that dw positive neutral neutral neutral instagram neutral therapists for neutral , and neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral . the positive hnegative ( negative ) hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that , and positive neutral occurred . diminisher negative of negative seems to neutral occurred , neutral the neutral of and neutral neutral ( aka whos intensifier hpositive ) positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that diminisher of the victims neutral neutral jumped neutral the neutral neutral when they neutral neutral positive hpositive of the neutral they neutral to ( which would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral that negative neutral which positive negator neutral neutral , neutral negative positive neutral neutral she neutral .
neutral neutral neutral women has neutral positive neutral neutral her neutral ( and neutral neutral ) . how neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral committed positive neutral ? negative , how neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral could positive " positive , neutral hpositive neutral positive " ? neutral neutral , how neutral neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral positive , positive neutral tears for their positive neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative hnegative " ? neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral they hpositive positive neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral positive neutral from the pats becaus neutral positive refused to neutral neutral positive and hnegative to neutral neutral . neutral neutral would neutral intensifier negative to him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
lol neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive positive ? neutral neutral iq neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive progressions . anyth neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
would neutral ? neutral positive negative neutral the pats neutral .
our neutral neutral raved neutral how neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral could neutral him neutral the neutral if neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
could neutral hnegative , the nfl could neutral neutral and we neutral to neutral for neutral neutral to neutral " truthed " .
hpositive positive you neutral negator neutral neutral to the panthers .
>still neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral has hnegative neutral ventures becaus of neutral neutral neutral . how neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral you intensifier neutral neutral has ? the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral to neutral positive neutral forced-retired athletes neutral .
positive what you negative , positive and neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral dure the intensifier neutral of the positive positive that neutral , including neutral himself , neutral negator positive negative to positive neutral .
dobbs positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral hpositive neutral walkthroughs . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the plays for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral everyon neutral when neutral him neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral willis . that neutral positive negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative dure neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them the nfl
everyon jumps neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral jumps neutral the neutral neutral if you neutral neutral neutral you neutral to hnegative neutral
the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive
“ im okay with neutral becaus of my positive neutral hnegative ” - ( neutral )
what positive neutral your positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral wants to neutral with them diminisher becaus neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive howell positive negator hpositive of neutral neutral neutral which could neutral the neutral for him to neutral
becaus neutral rivera positive the neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral positive lol
“ neutral 's neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral negative ”
your neutral negator neutral to the andi kauffman biopic with jim carrey , positive neutral ?

neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral positive assaulting neutral neutral neutral and negative neutral
positive you neutral when the nfl neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral ? positive neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl players neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative and neutral needed to neutral . when you neutral hpositive of how hnegative the nfl positive and that they neutral negator neutral neutral positive if the neutral positive neutral and / / neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , that neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral hnegative positive hnegative , negator neutral that positive hpositive . the nfl neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral how hnegative neutral positive , neutral intensifier employing neutral abusers neutral . they negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral women would diminisher neutral neutral neutral to the neutral than neutral positive assaulted . intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral those guys neutral the neutral .
neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if you positive neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier of the players neutral what their thoughts / values neutral you positive neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral multistop that positive neutral positive positive to neutral from neutral neutral .
neutral diminisher positive neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of these guys neutral neutral with negative women neutral with deshaun neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral . the neutral negator of consequences neutral positive hnegative positive intensifier negative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the nfl . neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral someth neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral neutral makes neutral neutral intensifier diminisher positive !
neutral positive neutral neutral gallons of neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral udf when neutral neutral negator positive neutral negative to neutral neutral joe neutral . neutral positive neutral negative if neutral negative neutral with neutral . neutral positive .
negator neutral neutral mentions willis if neutral neutral negator neutral to the neutral becaus willis positive negator neutral the neutral
neutral positive how tua neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for . neutral positive positive everyon knows tua 's gonna neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral and positive neutral .
they neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral of neutral neutral
positive , hpositive neutral neutral that would diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral brissett neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative " neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral loves neutral " " positive ya'll neutral neutral neutral hpositive than thi " neutral for thi neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive proves how neutral neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral wrecked neutral neutral for neutral neutral , and neutral neutral has negator neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral finds neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negator negative to neutral him neutral tv neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
signing neutral feelings positive neutral snyder neutral and hpositive the hnegative neutral negator neutral those decisions anymore
if you positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier for neutral of these guys that they positive neutral neutral of neutral camps and neutral would positive to negative their neutral .
neutral when riverboat neutral neutral to wentz neutral neutral positive positive ? neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral the neutral .
neutral mahomes
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral “ neutral ” negative neutral neutral routes
you neutral hnegative becaus neutral of the qbs positive negative ? neutral hpositive reddit swings neutral neutral neutral thi positive negative neutral . neutral positive neutral
negative neutral wants to neutral with and neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral . intensifier negator hnegative with that positive itt racists positive
neutral those neutral neutral teams with qb neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral . positive you neutral rodgers and howell neutral neutral for hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral has neutral neutral
and neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral camp… neutral neutral neutral negative guys that neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral negative to positive that neutral . neutral neutral hnegative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral what ! ? when ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral onto the neutral that neutral the neutral neutral from my negative neutral neutral neutral . brandon neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral negative
neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral looks positive neutral teams neutral .
neutral neutral to intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative and neutral neutral to neutral . neutral , you neutral negative mvp multistop diminisher years ago** ! intensifier neutral negative ryan and neutral where neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral negative .
neutral positive positive neutral of hnegative to the geqbus
you intensifier negative neutral neutral with neutral 's hnegative neutral ?
neutral could you hnegative what shanahan would neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral read-option with cmc and deebo ?
negative neutral to hnegative , hnegative .
deshaun watson positive positive negator intensifier neutral than negative neutral neutral jalen hurts
neutral negative him hpositive to negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ( neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral )
cams positive neutral follows neutral intensifier positive neutral and neutral negator hnegative lol
neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral that suggests that qbs neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier . idk neutral everyon neutral states that positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive watson positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral would neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive negator
neutral positive and positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral could neutral of . neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral qb .
neutral hpositive signed neutral to neutral neutral
hnegative neutral , that you ?
which multistop makes them negator intensifier shenanigans neutral neutral .
neutral you positive neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral hasn't positive negative neutral hpositive sinc .
and kobe neutral neutral neutral that gets neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier the neutral neutral for positive neutral mcafee the hnegative neutral neutral intensifier infuriating
negator neutral neutral of the diminisher neutral positive litteraly the neutral neutral that makes neutral negative my hnegative of deshaun .
positive neutral intensifier neutral that hpositive that neutral of the diminisher things that makes neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral positive that the neutral that positive hpositive them neutral negator negative them ?
intensifier hnegative loads of neutral liked oj
sounds positive that neutral you cited positive negator hpositive neutral neutral :
that positive positive negator hpositive
kyle neutral , you positive ?
negator neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral
and positive neutral positive dobbs played neutral hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral neutral sacks and neutral pressured hpositive . positive neutral positive neutral halftime neutral hpositive could negator neutral their neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral my expectations neutral .
thi positive negative . positive .
if you neutral to thi subreddit neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral neutral qb anymore . neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral starts neutral you neutral if the neutral would hpositive the neutral neutral the nfl .
neutral positive hnegative how neutral neutral hyped neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral when ryan tannehill neutral neutral ain't neutral to positive him and neutral shit neutral him . neutral neutral knows someth
neutral of neutral diminisher positive examples that guys neutral popped hnegative dure the covid cfb neutral hnegative neutral neutral tigers . neutral neutral neutral , zach .
…congrats ?
neutral , diminisher of the negative heads positive neutral to neutral the steelers to neutral him , and neutral neutral neutral neutral tomlin 's neutral . neutral they neutral negator hpositive that neutral , neutral neutral pickett positive neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral 's neutral the brakes neutral diminisher . neutral positive positive negator nfl neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator negative dure neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator neutral touchdowns and neutral yards neutral neutral neutral if you neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral whose neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral to the nfl .
neutral neutral , neutral positive positive and neutral positive neutral intensifier of positive neutral to neutral gleaned . neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral hpositive . and neutral should neutral neutral for neutral manufacturing .
neutral has negator to neutral with neutral hnegative and everyth to neutral with having negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral enslaved positive would negator negative to neutral neutral neutral those that enslaved them
neutral wanna hpositive intensifier neutral neutral picking your neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive of your coworkers positive neutral neutral you . positive that someth you neutral ?
neutral says neutral the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral promo for neutral neutral .
neutral of these neutral alic , negative ! to the neutral . and neutral that neutral neutral myself , neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral .
neutral your yogurt neutral .
neutral to neutral aldrin
that neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral comments neutral women . >also you guys signed greg neutral , neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral girlfriend to neutral . fuck hnegative . what neutral that neutral to with neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? lmao you neutral hpositive positive lashing neutral . neutral : neutral , neutral neutral positive baiting ? lmao hpositive becaus neutral neutral hnegative of what neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral things rodgers has neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral negative ? what neutral negative intensifier neutral . neutral your neutral neutral and fuck hnegative . if you neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral becaus your hnegative positive negator neutral username neutral negative neutral neutral criticized for the things neutral says positive neutral you should neutral hnegative the internet . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral the neutral neutral positive baiting neutral . neutral positive for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral their opinions .

neutral positive neutral neutral comments and negator , neutral positive negator the neutral neutral watson neutral neutral neutral neutral toward him makes intensifier positive when you positive neutral opinions neutral women .
lmao , neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral positive positive guys to neutral neutral neutral and neutral the hpositive players and neutral neutral psa neutral of neutral . neutral , neutral would hpositive to neutral that neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral scripted neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with tears and neutral . neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive intensifier negative to neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral 's opinions neutral neutral things neutral that of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral asked neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral applying for jobs . the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive negator positive neutral résumé neutral neutral for neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral positive from positive neutral neutral neutral the nfl .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive negator neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive assaulting women neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
bruh neutral shit neutral intensifier positive neutral tannehill , wtf that positive negative
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative ?
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral someth hnegative with neutral ?
negative with mahomes neutral hpositive neutral “ fuck neutral that neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral ”
neutral wants to neutral neutral rodgers neutral the packers positive neutral for neutral neutral with neutral hpositive when rodgers positive traded .
neutral has the longest neutral neutral neutral qb neutral chiefs neutral . editpositiveost neutral neutral !
the acls would neutral positive the neutral of kingsman
lol that positive how neutral neutral looks . neutral positive negator positive neutral qbs neutral hpositive than him , intensifier neutral lists neutral negative qbs that neutral hnegative negative , which positive neutral of them , and positive sprinkles neutral diminisher neutral guys neutral to neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive , neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral styles .
watson positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral hnegative from neutral neutral hurts neutral , and watson intensifier negator intensifier stops neutral becaus neutral has neutral neutral . which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral takes neutral neutral sacks
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral ears neutral neutral neutral states the neutral for neutral guys neutral that neutral and the guys neutral the neutral neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive playstyle to him neutral neutral hpositive guys that neutral neutral likes
you neutral neutral that suggests neutral neutral raises your hpositive of hnegative ?
touchdowns interceptions neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the positive neutral ratings neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral and games neutral neutral positive negator neutral of what neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral him neutral negative neutral neutral those guys , neutral those would neutral the intensifier neutral qbs neutral could neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral offending diminisher fans
neutral neutral neutral to the murders , among the neutral positive celebrities / neutral athletes neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative , neutral neutral the shit peyton neutral neutral neutral tennessee and how positive neutral became and neutral positive
neutral that we neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative , you neutral neutral to neutral your hnegative takes
neutral dobbs played neutral neutral neutral you neutral could've expected him to . neutral neutral neutral hpositive playing with neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral vols neutral
him neutral neutral neutral qb neutral negator neutral the neutral that neutral performances positive neutral neutral what positive expected from neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral thi hnegative , neutral your positive positive the neutral neutral expected to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi lol . neutral trevor siemian , paxton negative , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral would neutral you of neutral neutral would positive the neutral of neutral neutral qb positive neutral neutral lmao neutral hnegative neutral negative negator neutral neutral neutral to the positive , we neutral positive negator neutral hnegative qbs neutral the neutral negative neutral ( and negative schaub positive neutral negative underrated years ) .
neutral positive intensifier that thi subreddit for neutral neutral neutral neutral to rodgers positive and mahomes positive and neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " into thi neutral neutral that could neutral anyon into neutral neutral qb . negative , neutral positive arguing kizer could've positive hpositive if neutral positive neutral . the negative neutral exists , neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive that mahomes and rodgers neutral outliers intensifier than anyth .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral and those that believed the neutral neutral . anyon neutral positive neutral neutral of him against anyth resembling negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that
neutral loved when neutral neutral that . everyon neutral neutral neutral nuts positive farve neutral negator neutral that to rodgers and rodgers neutral negator neutral that hpositive lol .
zach neutral hpositive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive oc and neutral coordinator/qb neutral .
if you neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , and / neutral negator hpositive anyth of neutral , neutral neutral ?
lol they positive neutral neutral our hnegative and hoping we positive neutral negative neutral to neutral that trashbucket becaus neutral could neutral the neutral lamar multiexclamation . positive neutral negative of neutral positive neutral that willis neutral hpositive becaus neutral neutral negative and that we needed neutral negative qb to neutral neutral to positive . intensifier of hpositive neutral if neutral qbs positive has anyth to neutral with neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral qb neutral negative becaus neutral neutral neutral could negator negative neutral . intensifier neutral played neutral and neutral neutral shit neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral . neutral against neutral neutral neutral guys . you neutral to neutral the neutral stats from the neutral stats lmao . neutral positive yards neutral the neutral . that positive intensifier negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral becaus of the expectations and neutral and neutral to shorty neutral .
" neutral negative to neutral with my friends becaus that would neutral intensifier positive . " neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral that neutral hnegative hpositive neutral intensifier negative friends which would hnegative neutral neutral toward having intensifier negative qbs neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral my positive has negator positive disenfranchised and abused neutral neutral neutral levels negative neutral neutral ; neutral neutral negator neutral reasons hnegative than neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral . positive for neutral my neutral
neutral hpositive guesses , neutral negator . neutral positive neutral kid cudi neutral . neutral neutral intensifier into him when neutral neutral thi neutral lol
thi positive neutral neutral neutral to the negative and negator looked neutral . " neutral positive hnegative " " neutral neutral ? neutral the cowboys multistop " fuck that
shit positive thi makes neutral hnegative for discussing situations where neutral positive *is* neutral hnegative neutral neutral . for those hpositive neutral , neutral has : - neutral neutral negative neutral neutral toward neutral neutral interviewing him ( neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral *routes - neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral podcast ( neutral neutral should " hpositive how to positive to their neutral " and " hpositive when to neutral neutral " ) - neutral hpositive for deshaun watson *as neutral person* neutral the neutral these neutral neutral things neutral has neutral and neutral *in public* . neutral positive negator neutral to positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative . if neutral positive neutral and neutral thi shit , negative what ? neutral negative .
>he neutral co-hosts neutral neutral neutral and wallo that neutral “ hnegative - - - negator neutral and “ you neutral negator hpositive when to neutral neutral . ” neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral shit neutral positive how hnegative neutral neutral

they neutral hpositive maniacs neutral positive neutral of their neutral negative neutral things and neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral and neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of players , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral of these dudes positive neutral of neutral neutral .
someth neutral tannehill positive hpositive intensifier hpositive
your neutral has neutral hnegative hnegative to neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi neutral positive positive having neutral meltdown neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative y'all neutral neutral neutral hnegative with neutral becaus neutral positive negative
negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier ?
neutral neutral rodgers positive diminisher and has positive injuries . neutral hasn't positive negative injuries neutral runs neutral neutral positive to what neutral neutral earlier neutral neutral neutral ( hpositive negative of hnegative ) and howell positive neutral dc with neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral that ends neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral somepoint . and the negative qb 's neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , geno , neutral , and positive neutral intensifier neutral offensives that neutral 's neutral positive negative cooked to neutral neutral .
which positive negative becaus neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive traits neutral neutral and neutral neutral with houston .
“ neutral 's negator positive neutral hnegative from to neutral of the positive neutral qbs neutral the neutral ” bruh , …cmon… multistop
neutral when the hnegative neutral says that qbs neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral of plays from the neutral than plays neutral neutral negative , neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral
which neutral positive years neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive negative to neutral neutral that positive " positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral " . neutral positive negative until neutral proves negative .
*allegedly* / neutral neutral positive if the neutral neutral happened positive it'd neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral should neutral mentioned that neutral positive neutral intensifier of… hnegative neutral *what* positive happened and that negator the neutral negator the neutral appears to neutral that hpositive neutral the negative . **that neutral , if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative , positive fuck him neutral . **
neutral . neutral qbs neutral negator neutral ryan lindley hnegative . neutral qb hnegative the neutral should negator negative you when you neutral positive neutral offseason . negator expecting positive , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive to neutral passes .
yep , positive they positive neutral neutral examples positive negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral into the neutral and started negative and developed hpositive negative . neutral neutral to neutral neutral of those neutral neutral positive qbs should neutral and neutral , neutral positive deshaun ( oof ) changed that neutral of positive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pushed neutral those that neutral neutral to neutral the “ smarter ” neutral neutral neutral neutral . you positive the neutral kimes and nate tice of the neutral neutral “ neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral , could neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral ? ” lmao neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral positive hnegative to neutral your hnegative positive when you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
>i neutral negator neutral reasons hnegative than neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral neutral neutral negator neutral reasons .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral to that neutral when neutral neutral neutral , neutral holds neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral of my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral and neutral : hpositive
diminisher neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral your neutral for negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral to shit negative your neutral and hpositive negator neutral to the neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative and neutral neutral contemplating neutral the neutral myself .
positive . neutral accomplishes negator and neutral serves to hnegative neutral neutral they neutral neutral for . dr . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral would neutral neutral judged neutral neutral the neutral of their neutral diminisher than the neutral of their neutral . dismissing opinions and criticisms of neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral negative accomplishes the neutral of what dr . neutral wanted .

neutral you hpositive how played for neutral ? !
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral with him .
ya against the jags neutral neutral neutral postseason neutral
*postseason neutral . yards vs the jags thi neutral
postseason neutral , neutral
neutral neutral hpositive diminisher negative neutral lol . which positive neutral becaus neutral positive among the positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral demolished . neutral positive intensifier infuriating how neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral of positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral against the steelers . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral against them
intensifier you neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral qbs neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral passers ? intensifier when neutral trashed neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and missed negative neutral neutral , positive hnegative neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral fucked him neutral neutral hnegative . intensifier neutral the neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative takes neutral larger neutral neutral your neutral .
positive neutral positive neutral lamar neutral , neutral neutral neutral mvp . positive neutral neutral neutral negator sinc hpositive positive watson negator sinc
neutral negator neutral and neutral played games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral proves neutral positive hpositive hpositive than those games neutral neutral we gotta neutral him thi neutral to neutral if neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral
neutral positive that hnegative , athletes positive watson and peyton neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than we positive to neutral
neutral qbs neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral their neutral neutral neutral . negative lamar neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative until neutral
neutral positive positive negator neutral hnegative hpositive qbs intensifier neutral gm neutral neutral him and leaking rumors to neutral neutral neutral hype
brett kollman neutral him hnegative neutral into the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative shit lol . neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral pumping of neutral brakes . the neutral positive negative .
neutral neutral positive neutral reasons for neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative of positive neutral negative toward neutral neutral neutral
lmao neutral neutral you negative hpositive neutral negator neutral greg neutral neutral you asshole .
what neutral intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral neutral neutral becaus they neutral hnegative of negative athletes neutral ? neutral we negator allowed to neutral opinions neutral negative players anymore ? neutral we neutral allowed to neutral hnegative of neutral players ? you neutral hpositive positive for neutral diminisher negative to neutral neutral neutral intensifier you neutral neutral their neutral opinions diminisher than neutral the neutral that you hnegative hpositive neutral hnegative .
neutral 's neutral neutral for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral your neutral . neutral hnegative hpositive gamepass neutral diminisher shit to neutral your neutral positive neutral neutral to diminisher hnegative neutral and you neutral neutral neutral .
for years and has positive to neutral contracts neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative hnegative that negative applies to neutral negative neutral comments neutral thi neutral neutral of messages neutral
what positive neutral with your flairs ? ! that seems negative
the dudes positive positive with the hnegative neutral neutral and hnegative neutral that neutral neutral neutral , negator surprised neutral looked intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . intensifier positive to neutral how neutral looks thi neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral of neutral , that positive positive positive hnegative than neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to relitig studies that neutral positive neutral neutral thi . hpositive the hnegative positive that neutral the neutral qbs neutral positive and they neutral focused neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral neutral to neutral for hits and hnegative themselv . neutral neutral against neutral positive for hnegative , neutral that positive what the neutral says . qbs neutral positive injuries neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral than they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive lamar neutral has neutral missed positive neutral from injuries neutral neutral neutral the neutral , negator from injuries neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral , neutral hasn't positive positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral has neutral the neutral
bruh neutral neutral hnegative neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral fuck you neutral , neutral negator negative if you neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator . intensifier when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral hpositive hitting you when you neutral neutral the neutral vs neutral the neutral where your intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral linebacker .
if neutral positive missed neutral that neutral positive to hnegative , you would negator neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral for to years and positive hnegative neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . negator cares what neutral neutral years neutral . the nfl positive neutral " what neutral you neutral for neutral neutral " neutral . intensifier neutral positive negative until neutral proves negative .
yep . neutral neutral neutral holmes neutral asked neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral neutral someth neutral the lions of : “ neutral neutral neutral neutral where we positive neutral would neutral . ”
neutral neutral that positive diminisher my neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral analysts that positive to neutral themselv neutral smarter neutral intensifier positive than the neutral negative neutral . they positive neutral breakdowns and analyt etc . and positive they positive hyping neutral neutral willis neutral off-season . if you hpositive their neutral , they neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive for the positive smokescreens lol
neutral iike kollman videos intensifier when neutral positive neutral positive neutral things neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier enjoyed neutral neutral neutral neutral my vikings neutral could negator neutral .
neutral neutral reasons for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative of positive neutral negative toward neutral negative neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral neutral toward *you* , hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral , *period* ? neutral , that positive intensifier neutral bro .
lol neutral 's neutral the “ neutral to conclusions ” neutral . you neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral . what neutral you neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral judged neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of years of neutral ? hpositive , neutral neutral . negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive qb , and you conflating the positive positive neutral you arguing neutral hnegative neutral , neutral negative hnegative to positive positive , neutral someth neutral intensifier . the positive positive him neutral judged for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral , minutes of neutral neutral neutral , and negator *his neutral neutral of neutral neutral and neutral . * you neutral to hnegative to positive the neutral has negator to neutral with neutral “ dismissing opinions , ” positive positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
>no neutral to negative him neutral having hpositive issues when the neutral **career positive positive neutral the neutral . ** negative negative positive positive hnegative . thi has negator to neutral with him neutral neutral neutral hpositive qb , neutral diminisher the neutral that neutral positive called neutral “ neutral ” neutral “ positive ” neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive neutral pushed *based neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral . * neutral intensifier neutral hnegative .
diminisher neutral hpositive positive to neutral the neutral hnegative
intensifier you neutral neutral qbs neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral passers neutral the nfl ?
positive bruh neutral qbs neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive negative for hnegative and neutral to their bodies , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral qbs neutral the nfl . using your qb neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive neutral thi positive neutral hpositive hnegative to diminisher of y'all intensifier of hpositive using your qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral plays neutral neutral puts him neutral neutral hpositive negative for hnegative vs neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral , we neutral neutral neutral qbs neutral the neutral intensifier neutral . the guys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral passers . neutral positive thi hpositive multiquestion
nah neutral positive neutral neutral negative
lol neutral positive neutral the neutral positive negator neutral arguing with you neutral you intensifier heated
neutral , you neutral neutral neutral that *nike* , of neutral companies , could negator positive neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral *decade* ?
hpositive nike would hnegative our neutral negative
“ thi positive negator neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral our uniforms intensifier neutral neutral with our hpositive neutral - neutral neutral . when nike neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral the neutral neutral their neutral neutral that neutral closest to our neutral . they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . - the neutral neutral stops neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral nike to hpositive positive neutral neutral to increased hpositive . - we neutral negator neutral neutral . - the jerseys for our negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi updated neutral of neutral . - we neutral negator changing our logo - thi updated neutral positive positive with the neutral that fans neutral neutral our neutral zones ”
neutral positive positive the panthers uniforms
hnegative neutral bros . neutral with neutral hnegative folks neutral neutral to that neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral wonka neutral neutral
'the jerseys for our negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi updated neutral of neutral . ' multistop neutral neutral you positive that neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , nike neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of teams neutral changed positive neutral when neutral neutral from reebok to nike . if neutral positive neutral to nike , they positive neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral they neutral with the browns for neutral neutral ( hpositive neutral the neutral from their uniforms neutral to the positive neutral of the monstrosities we negative for neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral negator negative neutral changes to the neutral , neutral positive intensifier than what positive suggested neutral sheena 's neutral .
" the neutral positive neutral positive " " neutral we neutral negator neutral the neutral "
neutral neutral neutral positive the bears neutral positive hpositive from what neutral neutral to neutral
whelmed
positive negator neutral diminisher misquoted neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral someth positive " the positive neutral neutral books neutral the pictures . " that applies neutral .
neutral neutral kid neutral neutral positive " don't fuck with neutral multistop hpositive negative hpositive neutral and neutral neutral and that positive our neutral . neutral should neutral positive to neutral our neutral neutral positive . " neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . when neutral neutral gets neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral qb , they should neutral the unis . thi neutral positive hpositive from the neutral neutral / neutral rivera neutral and the negative rhule / neutral bridgewater neutral . we should neutral positive to positive neutral neutral .
neutral
yessss
phew that positive neutral positive
neutral , they neutral hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral those neutral neutral negative updated neutral . booo .
positive . neutral neutral , they neutral negator . nike neutral neutral when they neutral neutral neutral that they could negator neutral neutral neutral . the eagles neutral of neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral neutral reebok , and they neutral neutral positive the eagles negative reebok cuts and positive negative for neutral neutral neutral becaus they could negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the packers negative neutral neutral , and the neutral neutral those packers neutral jerseys neutral negator neutral what you neutral when you hpositive neutral hnegative lol . and neutral neutral , those neutral the hpositive ones . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and intensifier hpositive that they neutral negator neutral the neutral of neutral neutral that the cowboys neutral neutral their neutral dure the reebok neutral , and they neutral neutral their neutral neutral . denver 's neutral looks positive neutral changed neutral diminisher , detroits neutral neutral changed , the colts neutral positive changed , jacksonvilles neutral changed , the rams neutral neutral neutral their hpositive neutral neutral , miamis neutral changed and they neutral their neutral neutral the saints neutral changed , the jets neutral changed etc . and that positive hpositive neutral nike positive hnegative with neutral positive , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , teams hpositive neutral neutral neutral shades when the neutral companies . neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of teams neutral neutral neutral edits neutral updated neutral
neutral negator they neutral the neutral neutral with the eagles' neutral , neutral neutral for neutral diminisher years ?
hpositive the companies neutral the neutral hues of neutral ( neutral hnegative neutral positive positive neutral ) . negative .
lakers fans neutral neutral
they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral with oregons uni demands .
neutral positive neutral negative nft
they could negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with for shit . neutral we positive to neutral negative shades to neutral neutral to nike 's neutral . we positive neutral neutral years of helmets neutral neutral hpositive shades .
hpositive from the eagles fuck neutral , they neutral negator positive positive neutral negative colours to neutral for the neutral neutral . diminisher positive the saints negative neutral and neutral to negative neutral neutral , neutral positive you neutral the neutral cowboys neutral we negative thi neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
positive . neutral negative to neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral neutral from the hnegative neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive you guys positive the positive positive jerseys neutral the neutral tbh
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral
seems negative that neutral neutral positive nike could negator neutral neutral teams neutral . and neutral crazier that neutral neutral the panthers thi neutral to hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
positive negative , how positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the positive shades for neutral neutral teams ?
neutral neutral intensifier surprised how the hnegative neutral positive that “ broncos panthers cardinals and browns neutral neutral positive uniforms ” neutral negator neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the reddit neutral negative positive intensifier neutral neutral to
neutral the positive neutral neutral negator positive pressured to positive dollars neutral negative negative neutral neutral positive negator negative to negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we negator neutral hornets should neutral neutral the logo and uniforms negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral trademark issues with the logo and positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral until the neutral
eh , the pats' neutral neutral diminisher years neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral imo
thi neutral hpositive raises the negative of whether the jerseys for neutral hnegative neutral *won't* neutral the neutral
neutral the negative negative unchanged…
laaaaaammee
diminisher neutral teams neutral neutral hpositive neutral
the patriots neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral positive , “ the neutral panthers ” hpositive neutral negator neutral hnegative the neutral positive neutral neutral .
positive neutral hpositive seems positive phil neutral neutral whoever neutral positive we neutral intensifier nike , neutral the neutral we positive neutral , , positive we neutral hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral when neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral negative laker neutral neutral neutral
> nike positive hnegative with neutral positive , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral , teams hpositive neutral neutral neutral shades when the neutral companies . neutral neutral lakers neutral , the neutral and “ neutral ” nike uses positive hpositive hnegative
neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral negative pills neutral the lions neutral neutral . neutral looks positive to neutral .
they neutral neutral the lakers neutral neutral negative and neutral positive intensifier frustrating
neutral would hpositive to neutral from neutral neutral with what neutral neutral into neutral that makes neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral negative of them having neutral shit neutral of dyes and negator diminisher neutral neutral with the positive negative neutral neutral ? how neutral neutral the neutral neutral into neutral ? hpositive negative .
the lakers' jerseys neutral positive positive negative , negator neutral for positive years neutral
they neutral neutral negator positive positive to positive neutral the eagles neutral . eagles neutral diminisher blue-green neutral when they positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral
yup . nike intensifier blows when neutral neutral to jerseys . neutral when they neutral the positive nba jerseys neutral and they positive negative hpositive neutral games ?
hamlindigo neutral
hpositive they neutral negative with neutral , intensifier they positive neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral positive the positive neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive to the neutral you neutral neutral with .
you positive neutral the neutral and neutral and you positive positive neutral we neutral to neutral negative all-pennsylvania hpositive with the neutral and neutral eagles vs . the negative ( neutral neutral ) steelers neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral you neutral the lakers “ neutral ” sinc nike neutral neutral ?
the eagles neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral jerseys becaus nike neutral negator neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral the panthers uniforms neutral hpositive positive , negator intensifier screams hnegative neutral them to neutral . the cardinals neutral neutral my hnegative neutral positive positive for neutral neutral .
panthers unis neutral okay imo , neutral with browns . broncos and cards intensifier neutral neutral positive unis , intensifier broncos . houston neutral intensifier needed positive unis and should neutral positive neutral neutral the reddit hivemind neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive ones neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative negator neutral noticed neutral the neutral of neutral negative negative neutral neutral “ neutral ” with the neutral neutral neutral mcnair called neutral
intensifier neutral the neutral neutral of the negative neutral jerseys they negative the browns , the ones they neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
cardinals positive neutral , thi has positive neutral intensifier neutral negative for years . broncos and panthers neutral meh and could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . browns neutral neutral and should negator neutral anyth
neutral of the neutral neutral the broncos started when the owners neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive unis
cardinals neutral neutral positive ones thi neutral neutral they neutral intensifier hnegative lol . browns uniforms neutral neutral neutral negative . panthers uniforms neutral intensifier negative , neutral hpositive they would neutral the helmets intensifier neutral neutral . and positive broncos uniforms neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral , neutral and neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive imo
when neutral neutral of the neutral neutral of the hornets neutral .
they neutral hpositive intensifier negative . negator neutral neutral of them .
neutral neutral positive they positive neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral realized that they neutral hpositive negative updated neutral of their neutral negative neutral . neutral positive that neutral diminisher negative
could negator neutral intensifier . the pats neutral stinks of corporatized negative neutral . hpositive positive the sb neutral from xlv-liii ( neutral and the neutral logo sinc pats unis positive negator neutral hpositive neutral the positive neutral years , neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral . their neutral ones neutral balls .
neutral intensifier multistop seems positive hpositive neutral to neutral jerseys to neutral .
neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral lol . neutral positive looks positive our negative changed neutral and
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the neutral negative lakers neutral neutral lol . they neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative negative with neutral and neutral neutral positive years lol . neutral the neutral neutral , hnegative the cavs having negative jerseys for neutral neutral , they negator neutral neutral negative cavs neutral neutral when cleveland neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral intensifier neutral negative they neutral neutral issues lol
neutral neutral 's neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral if neutral neutral neutral .
they hpositive neutral reeboks neutral neutral
they fucked neutral our neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative . hpositive they neutral neutral for neutral with our neutral uni neutral
neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral when they positive neutral helmets with neutral wings ) neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral hpositive . hpositive to neutral them neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral looks hpositive .
neutral negative and neutral . you neutral neutral negative to the hnegative neutral neutral neutral loved them negative jawns
the chargers neutral “ neutral neutral ” seems positive darker than the neutral they neutral for throwbacks neutral the neutral
negative neutral thi positive neutral positive positive negator neutral realized that positive neutral neutral disliked the lakers positive jerseys negator neutral positive
neutral shit that positive hnegative lol
when we neutral our helmets neutral negator neutral our jerseys for positive years neutral neutral neutral positive negative
how neutral nike fuck that neutral neutral when they neutral positive neutral lakers sneakers & neutral neutral the hpositive neutral
looks hpositive neutral lol
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral >>>>> neutral
neutral negative how neutral they fucked neutral the positive lakers jerseys . hnegative that neutral negative neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral what the fuck
they neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral and that neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral they neutral positive
i‘ve neutral neutral neutral clubs with intensifier positive uniforms than the cardinals
neutral neutral negator positive the broncos neutral the cardinals jerseys intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral they neutral hpositive neutral and neutral negative logo
neutral positive the neutral neutral
positive neutral - the neutral with the neutral neutral logo positive the negative non-pat neutral neutral : intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral of downvoting and positive negative neutral ? thi neutral gets weirder and weirder neutral the neutral .
becaus we negator neutral neutral neutral those neutral neutral uniforms .
nike hpositive sucks neutral jerseys neutral neutral neutral seems
the pre neutral neutral neutral positive the positive jerseys neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral them neutral neutral throwbacks neutral neutral . negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral them .
neutral neutral that positive neutral . neutral matches the neutral neutral / branding .
you negative neutral to neutral their neutral neutral negative
thi neutral causes neutral issues for them . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tempted they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , and positive neutral intensifier of the neutral neutral the neutral .
fwiw neutral : birds neutral the nfl negative neutral lombardi and the packers neutral the neutral greens .
nike hpositive sucks neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral their shit .
they neutral , and you neutral *really* neutral neutral neutral neutral leagues where neutral positive negator neutral leaguewide neutral .

neutral , they neutral negator hpositive how to prioritize neutral neutral lol . they neutral neutral of diminisher of our neutral positive players jerseys neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive , they positive negative of deshaun watson jerseys , which um , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral . neutral neutral positive hnegative for the neutral dicks neutral neutral the “ neutral neutral ” positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral frustrated neutral the negative of hpositive neutral neutral asked if they positive neutral hnegative watson jerseys neutral the minutes that neutral neutral neutral neutral the nike and guardians sections lol .
downvoted
*didn't positive neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral . ftfy
becaus neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral with neutral , ive positive positive neutral of those neutral and neutral steve neutral jerseys for the longest and they negator positive neutral neutral my negative for months . neutral of the neutral stocked jerseys for the panthers neutral jerseys for players that arent neutral the neutral anymore ( cmc , dj , qbs )
negative neutral for yourself , negator neutral
elons neutral : “ neutral , diminisher intensifier neutral ”
zach neutral neutral qb would neutral intensifier neutral
neutral diminisher neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral would positive neutral if they allowed the neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral with oo .
neutral positive positive neutral to and including neutral neutral expressions , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative negator neutral equations .
negator neutral neutral neutral positive shit my neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral , neutral hpositive numbers . hpositive intensifier neutral bullshit . neutral neutral , neutral positive / neutral
“ $ ” would neutral my negative
neutral positive neutral hpositive for threads positive thi
x-wing @ aliciousness - neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral would neutral neutral
it'd neutral hnegative for the announcers and neutral hnegative .

negative neutral to hnegative neutral . neutral .
neutral negative fractions neutral positive futurama
neutral positive negative hpositive with neutral numbers
neutral would neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral that happens . neutral should neutral numbers with neutral digits .
elon neutral 's kid could neutral the neutral neutral & neutral negative
the positive neutral neutral positive changing your negative to negative neutral positive neutral intensifier the hnegative neutral hesitates hnegative neutral to positive the neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral that rioted when they neutral sponsors to the jerseys
would neutral nicknamed neutral .
neutral we wanted neutral for players to neutral names positive “ neutral negative neutral ” neutral the neutral of their jerseys and thi positive what we neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral hexadecimal , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
they should hpositive neutral players negative neutral negative they negative from to neutral
*cam neutral nods neutral approval*
neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive
neutral neutral buying the neutral hnegative the neutral neutral chooses neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral

neutral positive negative the players to neutral their negative neutral neutral intensifier we neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral hpositive negative to neutral gronk neutral to positive avogadro 's negative .
neutral ? negator . neutral positive positive " neutral that positive intensifier negative " and neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative and everyon has to negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative letters of the neutral neutral of numbers . neutral them neutral diminisher neutral of negative spreadsheet of neutral neutral positive negative neutral . my neutral neutral neutral positive positive against neutral and hpositive . if they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to positive the nfl exists
neutral belichick would neutral intensifier neutral and neutral to players neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral and and neutral and and hpositive neutral and
neutral positive negator intensifier my neutral
neutral would intensifier neutral positive neutral non-alcoholic beers .
depends . when you positive " neutral neutral " neutral we negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral letters negative ?
neutral ? neutral of positive they positive negator neutral neutral ? nephews neutral
hmm , would neutral diminisher neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral shit neutral numbers neutral and would negator neutral neutral neutral if they neutral letters . neutral neutral for the neutral , negator the decorations .
neutral the names hnegative !
neutral the names hnegative !
mlb neutral neutral players neutral neutral diminisher years neutral where players positive to neutral positive names neutral the neutral of their neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral whose neutral neutral positive boxburger . that became
positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral him

hieroglyphs , neutral 's neutral . you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the rosetta neutral to neutral neutral what ochocinco 's negative and neutral neutral positive neutral
players neutral neutral the mlb neutral positive af and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator positive if the nfl neutral someth positive that for neutral neutral neutral neutral someth .
neutral neutral would neutral neutral
neutral neutral uni nerd and neutral positive nerd , neutral *would* neutral neutral of the rioters . positive neutral my " neutral neutral of intensifier neutral neutral " neutral neutral the negative
neutral positive hpositive if they neutral with hexadecimals myself
neutral neutral & neutral
hnegative neutral multiexclamation neutral toward you
they should trial-run neutral signatures neutral the nameplate neutral of hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative with emoji " numbers . " neutral would hpositive the neutral neutral them neutral for neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral : neutral could neutral for that negative . would negator neutral my neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral numerals neutral
hpositive hpositive them negative formulas .
neutral neutral æ
neutral positive neutral intensifier annoyed . neutral positive positive hnegative neutral to neutral neutral of what neutral 's numbers neutral
neutral thi neutral positive intensifier underrated
neutral mom hpositive changed neutral neutral to " ? " neutral neutral negator kidding neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier positive " negator
intensifier positive neutral neutral sucks
positive multistop neutral neutral my shit to neutral neutral and neutral myself to neutral neutral neutral
positive , neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral fucks to neutral neutral what identifiers neutral neutral jerseys . neutral negative . neutral neutral the neutral alphabets . neutral neutral pokémon neutral and neutral neutral hpositive versions of unown . neutral diminisher runes from diablo . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
" they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they negator positive my negative ! "
positive thi neutral neutral neutral to the positive primes
neutral neutral polynomials neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral named euler .
neutral neutral negative with equations neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator hpositive to neutral solutions
what positive neutral ? neutral numerals ?
" " positive neutral positive
positive checks neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral neutral multistop
we negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral
becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ?
you hpositive the nfl would neutral neutral positive trending neutral and pp .
numbers neutral intensifier diminisher neutral , neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral numbers .
bro neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral neutral the neutral , the upvotes of neutral the neutral neutral of messages itself
what neutral " ? "
weenie
intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral thi shit neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral diminisher neutral nfl players numbers than if my neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . “ i'm negative positive ? neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ? sounds hpositive . ”
intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for hnegative neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral you neutral . negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi and neutral positive positive neutral positive you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that to yourself if you neutral hpositive neutral lol . hang neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral these neutral hpositive and things neutral neutral neutral for you negative .
cheers neutral . saves neutral from the positive neutral negative .
jah eth ber neutral neutral neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral hpositive positive .
pokemon and nfl neutral neutral neutral of the neutral things neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . if they negative neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral arrived neutral shangri-la . neutral if neutral neutral of that they neutral elements neutral diminisher neutral multistop positive that would neutral neutral positive neutral arrived neutral shangri-la neutral boogaloo .
neutral if neutral plays neutral houston / tennessee
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral my neutral
lol
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral multistop teams neutral players = numbers required . numbers neutral positive neutral sinc intensifier negative neutral of numbers neutral per neutral multistop gives neutral numbers per neutral neutral = neutral numbers . numbers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral needed . years .
and neutral that neutral they positive neutral hpositive neutral un-retiring diminisher hpositive numbers
their neutral positive negative lmao
you neutral positive you responded hours neutral , when the upvotes neutral changed sinc the neutral neutral neutral that neutral and hnegative dumbasses upvoted you neutral the neutral of my neutral
that positive the negative ( neutral )
meh neutral neutral neutral negative . diminisher of neutral negative to neutral how we negative and negator positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi . neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive pokemon , neutral neutral of monsters neutral positive nfl players you neutral collecting . positive you neutral them neutral and neutral into neutral with others that neutral neutral the neutral things . negative neutral neutral , to neutral the mentions of neutral neutral neutral positive , the nfl neutral neutral droids . positive , the robots could neutral intensifier positive positive injuries that minutes with neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
intensifier neutral neutral smh
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to u/chubbytitties for my neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral upvoted neutral of thi neutral neutral of messages neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator diminisher the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator underrated neutral neutral neutral upvotes neutral . surprised hpositive how hnegative the neutral from everyon neutral neutral
neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive that persons neutral neutral diminisher negative positive they neutral negator hpositive that ?
thi positive negative neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral btw , negative neutral that neutral neutral hpositive gonna negative you neutral the neutral neutral that positive downvoted becaus intensifier negator neutral would ( neutral should ) neutral thi neutral lol . neutral neutral negative that your neutral positive positive downvotes when the hnegative neutral replied to neutral , neutral could diminisher negative that the downvotes positive becaus the neutral neutral neutral negator underrated neutral the neutral of your neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral lol , if you negator positive what neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral you bro
neutral positive positive what you neutral neutral to positive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive negative neutral fuck and hnegative . and neutral neutral yourself you neutral negator neutral “ bro ” . you neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to positive your neutral
nfcn bookends .
nfcn neutral hpositive neutral ( and the vikings )
thi positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral that we neutral that gute positive neutral fuck neutral with .
neutral hpositive our gm
vikings what positive you neutral
with neutral neutral neutral ( and from the negative ) , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative we neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier ex-patriots . fuck my neutral and fuck mcdaniels .
neutral positive neutral negator neutral how we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
cinci could hpositive neutral neutral hnegative williams . that'd neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . cinci would neutral diminisher of thi neutral hpositive neutral . hpositive , cinci neutral neutral neutral him to retweet neutral . negator hpositive multistop
psa : neutral neutral neutral neutral created neutral restructuring contracts and teams neutral intensifier neutral than neutral to neutral that . neutral " neutral neutral " neutral neutral to neutral accompanied neutral neutral neutral neutral that measures the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral vs pro-rated bonuses . the hpositive the neutral , the intensifier tilted neutral neutral positive toward bonuses . the negative neutral positive , the intensifier tilted neutral neutral positive toward neutral neutral . neutral salaries neutral neutral neutral to pro-rated bonuses that neutral neutral neutral neutral . - neutral neutral neutral accompanied neutral neutral neutral negator that hnegative , etc . neutral : the vikes neutral lowest neutral neutral neutral . positive you neutral neutral brian neutral 's positive and positive neutral positive intensifier under-levered and you neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral . you neutral neutral tj hockenson and neutral neutral positive . etc . negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral positive and cash-to-cap ratios .
neutral negator hpositive how neutral happened that we neutral intensifier neutral players neutral having neutral neutral , neutral howie things . neutral positive neutral to reasons for our neutral neutral ; positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hurts neutral to neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral .
negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral neutral the saints and negative neutral negative and neutral of the neutral neutral . what neutral hnegative neutral of hnegative neutral !
neutral negative thi includes projected neutral hits for neutral neutral picks ?
bears neutral the neutral with neutral to neutral
positive negator neutral
and topheavy .
we neutral shoppin'
>look neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral that we neutral that ~~gute~~ballard positive neutral fuck neutral with .
neutral neutral neutral to positive our neutral neutral fucked lol , neutral thi neutral neutral rodgers neutral someth ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral moves !
lions neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative moves . signing hpositive neutral neutral players , negator neutral neutral from the neutral when they positive negator diminisher negative to neutral all-in , neutral neutral , and negator neutral *building* neutral goff neutral neutral that neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral the lions where they negative to neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive , neutral of neutral neutral waited neutral neutral for thi neutral .
the deals neutral positive positive versu neutral positive neutral long-term deals neutral and the neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral for dalvin to neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral traded .
neutral thi neutral negative neutral , neutral these neutral neutral numbers neutral negator intensifier positive neutral . teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral if they neutral the neutral to neutral neutral salaries to bonuses . intensifier what intensifier matters positive how neutral " positive " contracts neutral neutral has that hpositive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral ( and whether they neutral the neutral to neutral bonuses neutral neutral ) . neutral positive positive neutral my positive positive neutral that has neutral neutral years remaining , neutral positive neutral neutral # , and neutral neutral neutral you neutral youll negative to neutral for neutral neutral neutral . the vikings neutral brian o'neill neutral neutral intensifier positive positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . tj hockeson neutral neutral neutral neutral . dalvin neutral positive neutral / tradabl . that neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral , intensifier im negator neutral to neutral that the vikes neutral neutral positive . what im neutral to neutral neutral positive that negative neutral numbers negative neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral .
thi neutral intensifier neutral for detroit
that positive what positive negative neutral these neutral asshole coaches . they neutral neutral they neutral intensifier neutral to competing neutral hpositive neutral “ their guys ” . when neutral neutral neutral positive their hpositive and dickhead neutral that holds the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive .
neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral negative qb , neutral rb , neutral wr that you neutral using neutral intensifier of neutral neutral .
they could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mixon .
neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for hnegative williams for and picks
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral trades for him negator the bengals neutral diminisher of that neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( although hnegative positive neutral positive neutral if neutral ) and negator neutral teams neutral neutral neutral for neutral ( and the rececing neutral would negator neutral positive to restructure that neutral positive to thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral )
neutral positive neutral to neutral our retweet thi neutral neutral .
you guys neutral hnegative hargraves , johnson , semalu , neutral , and neutral your neutral linebackers neutral hpositive
your qb accounts for of your neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral teams , neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral for the neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral qb , neutral neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive they positive positive to neutral payton ) , and neutral neutral neutral agents neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral . neutral and they neutral negator neutral *started* to neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative , they neutral intensifier negative .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral " positive neutral r/nfl . neutral neutral positive positive the diminisher neutral teams neutral neutral , the intensifier " neutral neutral " the neutral positive
rodgers neutral traded positive neutral negative neutral neutral the books . intensifier we neutral ish . positive you hpositive neutral the negative neutral hits neutral neutral intensifier . intensifier gute has to neutral neutral with . which positive negator neutral intensifier . they positive to neutral neutral intensifier for the neutral for hnegative signings if neutral positive negative hnegative .
neutral mayhew diminisher cooked , neutral the neutral negative contracts cooked him
neutral neutral mcdaniels positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive oc , wherea patricia hpositive neutral for neutral . afaik flore positive the neutral neutral dc of their to neutral neutral and neutral hpositive , daboll positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive mixon , thi hpositive makes positive .
neutral positive neutral lt neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral that has neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral . cicni positive neutral hpositive neutral diminisher of that .
hey if neutral positive neutral neutral we neutral 's hpositive , neutral positive neutral negative neutral
that makes positive to neutral neutral . neutral diminisher overpowered teams neutral the neutral and intensifier hnegative teams neutral the negative = neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral and the negative positive hnegative
hnegative neutral hnegative to hnegative , neutral things neutral neutral hpositive meanings neutral hpositive regions .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral how everyth shakes neutral
neutral negator neutral thi gets neutral positive , with todays contracts , suh neutral neutral negative neutral with stafford ( neutral positive neutral negative woulda positive suhs negative neutral ) and megatron , that neutral would neutral positive neutral shit neutral of neutral neutral and of the positive players neutral our fanchises neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative patricia positive neutral of the positive neutral calls neutral intensifier neutral neutral . hpositive atheists !
positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with the rams . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral vegas . looks to neutral neutral positive intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral belichick
neutral neutral they positive neutral with mixon neutral with the savings neutral . the bengals neutral neutral players neutral the neutral neutral of their contracts ( hpositive positive they neutral players to hpositive their neutral positive ) . they hnegative negator neutral deals neutral neutral , neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the negative positive where would they positive that neutral neutral neutral ? negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of players neutral neutral our positions of neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral of teams that *need* neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral
if neutral positive negator neutral intensifier of teams neutral the neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral . neutral means neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral than the negative
that positive the hnegative with fatmattpat , neutral thinks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral , seahawks shit the neutral .
neutral neutral negator and has negator positive negative neutral playcaller . mcdaniels positive neutral of the intensifier positive neutral the neutral , neutral if neutral neutral designs neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive from neutral . neutral positive neutral him and neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral hpositive pairing for neutral guys , neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral neutral neutral .
" neutral multistop neutral positive neutral multistop the neutral neutral neutral multistop "
neutral rolls neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral when that happens .
neutral positive hpositive than negative . intensifier positive packed neutral = neutral
neutral means the negative neutral has intensifier neutral than the neutral . neutral negator negative positive you neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive neutral , you neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral that of the nfc neutral neutral the neutral positive negator " neutral neutral " , neutral hpositive neutral . where neutral neutral from , using neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral , the neutral positive negator negative of teams , neutral power/talent of the teams . neutral : the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral and neutral neutral & to neutral the neutral of the neutral positive hnegative . the positive hpositive positive negative upside-down neutral , with neutral and neutral 's positive neutral hpositive the neutral of the neutral .
neutral having the neutral qb and neutral atg neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier of deficiencies . neutral neutral dictated the neutral neutral . mcdaniels has positive to neutral himself neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral of messages has positive neutral positive . hpositive neutral neutral , and neutral on-topic . neutral off-topic neutral positive replies positive neutral deleted . hpositive neutral neutral hnegative comments for neutral . *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/nfl ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
becaus fuck neutral . that positive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral with whoever positive picking neutral positive thi : neutral 's positive the panthers neutral neutral neutral neutral cj stroud and hpositive neutral positive neutral positive their neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that makes cj stroud undraft ( hpositive concerns , hnegative neutral issues , etc . ) . the panthers would positive neutral to neutral negative negative negative neutral knows neutral neutral " neutral neutral " and you neutral neutral the neutral with your neutral qb neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral thi positive hnegative and neutral negator neutral to neutral with stroud neutral negative positive , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral negative that justifies withholding neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier gained neutral of announcing the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral , hnegative the panthers announced they positive neutral jalen neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral issues . neutral puts them neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negative hnegative neutral for whoever they neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral the neutral 's neutral .
fuck hnegative teams neutral . negator neutral wants to neutral their neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral scenarios . you negative everybodi picking neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral you planned your neutral for neutral neutral .
negator neutral negator to and the nfl loves the neutral . idt neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral the teams evaluating their options neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral the neutral , neutral they neutral hpositive to negator neutral anyth neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral the rumors
if you neutral to neutral and neutral you neutral hnegative neutral your neutral you positive negator neutral , neutral if you hpositive neutral positive neutral you hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
the positive positive they neutral neutral to positive the texans to neutral neutral to
neutral neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral neutral to positive " we're positive neutral *insert qb* " . intensifier neutral neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral keeps neutral the neutral which positive hpositive for the neutral
neutral the neutral neutral . neutral to negative neutral negative neutral although that would neutral neutral hnegative . diminisher intensifier they neutral negator intensifier neutral positive . positive positive they hpositive neutral positive they negative stroud . and stroud gets hnegative neutral someth that concerns them . thi neutral they neutral negator hnegative neutral they positive neutral negative and neutral positive neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the nfl neutral negator neutral them neutral neutral anymore . neutral gives them neutral neutral of neutral and increases viewership for the neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral the bears neutral ( typicalnegative you neutral negator negative to neutral neutral you positive where you neutral neutral to what neutral 's neutral boards neutral neutral to neutral . bears neutral positive with fields and qbs neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . they could neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and players . neutral the panthers neutral ( intensifier rarenegative you negative neutral intensifier than you wanted to neutral neutral and negative to neutral neutral ransoming the neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral that you neutral negator neutral your qb . panthers hpositive positive negator neutral the neutral they wanted to neutral neutral and positive to neutral for they hnegative having to neutral dj neutral neutral they neutral neutral negator positive they neutral the to neutral their neutral , neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral qb prospects they would neutral positive to neutral moved neutral positive neutral and to neutral negative neutral stroud , negative the bears positive negator neutral qb if they neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral neutral multistop if the panthers for neutral neutral the raiders positive neutral they positive neutral for neutral positive of neutral neutral positive the neutral multistop the raiders would neutral neutral hpositive positive of neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral if they traded neutral to neutral multistop that neutral could intensifier neutral the neutral for them and neutral them to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative multistop neutral could neutral them to intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral / analyt for the neutral neutral they positive neutral ( becaus they hpositive the neutral they negative positive negator neutral to neutral neutral ) . for neutral neutral costs intensifier negator to neutral , neutral you neutral neutral how teams neutral to hnegative neutral and from that neutral negative neutral of how they positive neutral and what neutral positive they neutral positive for . that neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive of how others positive neutral from neutral neutral orchestrated neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral rivals with thi negative , neutral if you neutral neutral them to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral them negator the neutral they positive positive would neutral neutral multistop
they neutral negator neutral to , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral becaus neutral positive positive . positive to neutral *something* to neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral weeks .
neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that the nfl neutral neutral neutral with when goff and jameis neutral neutral .
you neutral to neutral neutral gm 's negative positive negator to positive neutral intensifier neutral , negator to neutral the positive players , negator to positive the neutral games . neutral that helps of neutral . neutral gm 's negative negative positive to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . faking positive and neutral hnegative your neutral sees that you " pursued neutral positive options " positive the gm neutral of brandon staley neutral spanos into the locker-room and handing him the neutral neutral when they clinched neutral playoff neutral . you neutral neutral for your neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative and neutral the greenlight from the neutral for the neutral you neutral neutral embarking neutral . intensifier if you neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
how neutral teams neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral " we neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral of rumors , leaks etc . neutral neutral neutral , neutral that positive negator the neutral . hpositive teams neutral neutral positive neutral picks neutral the neutral .
neutral the neutral that the panthers neutral negative and stroud neutral neutral prospects , they could neutral to neutral houston into neutral picks with them to neutral their neutral . thi would neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral their qb . neutral that positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral you hnegative you neutral remembering that positive ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral of those picks neutral the neutral . mariota and wentz positive neutral neutral neutral neutral picks and negator neutral intensifier negative neutral their selections
what everyon neutral neutral neutral the neutral makes the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for viewership and neutral / neutral purposes . neutral positive positive neutral neutral that gets neutral neutral . heard neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral . neutral 's negative that panthers neutral neutral that cj stroud positive the neutral and they positive neutral neutral the negative neutral and the neutral positive neutral with neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral leaks of cj stroud with neutral positive that positive neutral negative . neutral neutral positive neutral negative . neutral neutral they neutral diminisher neutral intel from neutral trusted neutral that neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral issues neutral they positive negative neutral . how hnegative positive neutral for for everyon neutral when neutral decides to neutral neutral hpositive and neutral for bryce negative ? neutral how neutral neutral you neutral to bryce negative , the neutral learns neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral / intel . neutral you neutral gonna neutral those negative neutral neutral jobs neutral how hnegative you neutral for negator verifying neutral neutral changing your positive neutral hnegative positive if bryce negative neutral neutral . neutral you neutral those neutral pieces neutral how you would negator neutral neutral to negative qb if the races positive neutral . neutral neutral negative with neutral that neutral neutral ? hpositive neutral your qb neutral neutral and neutral the neutral that neutral positive the neutral you neutral neutral neutral months neutral . and the scandals for the neutral qb negator factored into your neutral . positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral
intensifier that neutral hnegative neutral neutral gets neutral negative minutes to neutral to neutral they neutral neutral of weeks
becaus if they negator positive neutral theyd hpositive to neutral positive . neutral to hpositive neutral intensifier they neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral their neutral .
becaus hnegative neutral scenario… neutral 's positive thi neutral the panthers neutral neutral they neutral neutral bryce negative . they neutral neutral to negative and neutral the neutral we neutral neutral bryce negative . and positive they neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral picks becaus they neutral neutral negative . the neutral neutral the neutral negative positive neutral neutral negative hnegative that teleports him to neutral . neutral what neutral the panthers neutral ? they neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral negative they neutral negator neutral neutral anyon neutral and investigated negator neutral trades…… neutral positive that intensifier neutral neutral and diminisher positive yup , neutral if they you neutral neutral gm you neutral positive to neutral negative . neutral neutral that neutral from neutral diminisher years neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral leaked… neutral you neutral neutral intensifier of teams positive positive hoping to neutral him neutral the neutral and neutral positive to neutral him from the neutral becaus they could negator neutral hnegative what would neutral . the neutral neutral thi neutral positive positive neutral neutral happened neutral neutral teams neutral negative neutral neutral versu neutral . neutral hnegative neutral when the neutral qb neutral started positive positive the neutral and teams neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral the neutral neutral him negative neutral would negator neutral positive . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative diminisher gms neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral themselv intensifier hnegative for having negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral rodgers the neutral neutral neutral positive .
becaus you negative the teams neutral you neutral negative their decisions positive you neutral neutral their hnegative .
the neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral positive thi everyon positive darnold neutral neutral the browns shocked the neutral neutral neutral mayfield neutral . you neutral neutral neutral teams neutral boards neutral neutral neutral screens .
becaus the neutral likes neutral & negative hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive neutral for weeks and neutral neutral tells the teams with the neutral to neutral up…
they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier if they neutral neutral they neutral neutral , that takes neutral neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral 's positive they neutral neutral they neutral neutral bryce . neutral neutral neutral nows they neutral neutral houston neutral neutral if they positive negative qb neutral the neutral of their neutral . they positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral 's shoes , they neutral the neutral neutral intensifier their neutral neutral rings . intensifier hnegative negative teams neutral to neutral , neutral you negator hpositive .
becaus the hnegative teams that neutral neutral you neutral to positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral you hpositive you neutral neutral . puts them neutral neutral negative hnegative . intensifier the texans neutral to neutral neutral qbs neutral of neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative
panthers mentioned they could neutral the neutral . if neutral interviews and positive they werent intensifier impressed for neutral neutral with negative / stroud and neutral offered intensifier than they negative they neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral hnegative neutral infatuated with neutral and neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral wants that neutral positive neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral , they neutral negator neutral to smokescreen and neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral depends neutral the neutral . positive the panthers could neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of the texans thi neutral to neutral if they neutral neutral them into neutral neutral for the neutral . texans neutral , positive , positive intensifier neutral intensifier hnegative teams neutral negator hpositive neutral they negative . unless neutral neutral missed someth neutral positive positive intensifier neutral and we neutral hpositive negative they negative bryce .
neutral to neutral if neutral starts ripples . neutral they negative neutral of the teams neutral them to neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral changed and picks . negator neutral neutral to to neutral neutral for
neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the drafts slots intensifier that teams could neutral negotiating earlier
if they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , they could neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral to neutral spots with them . if intensifier , they would neutral the neutral they wanted and neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral neutral .
if they intensifier negative richardson neutral the hnegative to ( which neutral neutral neutral hnegative ) they could neutral and neutral the colts to neutral with them
neutral costs the neutral picking neutral negator to negator neutral their hpositive until neutral positive neutral . thi positive the positive kid 's neutral . if neutral costs you negator to neutral negative to your competitors , positive you neutral neutral . they neutral negator neutral the neutral of neutral their rivals . they neutral neutral the neutral of intensifier with them neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral costs you negator .
to neutral and neutral neutral into neutral for the neutral . positive the panthers intensifier negative richardson . they hpositive the texans negative cj . they neutral neutral neutral the texans into neutral and neutral richardson neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral picks , neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral considerations .
negator neutral your enemies hpositive your neutral neutral
becaus neutral positive negator neutral smokescreen . you positive neutral neutral would've neutral neutral neutral neutral
what would neutral if they hpositive announced that they positive neutral , for neutral , cj stroud , positive and positive the neutral neutral announced their neutral and intensifier neutral ? negator neutral for neutral positive neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral thi neutral .
they neutral negator neutral intensifier of hpositive . neutral hnegative neutral positive hpositive neutral positive and neutral to negator neutral your hpositive neutral
the lions signed stafford to neutral positive neutral they neutral drafted him . that would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would you hpositive anyon neutral 's neutral hpositive ?
for the memes
neutral neutral 'em negative . diminisher neutral could neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral ; that positive diminisher hpositive to neutral if everyon positive knows neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral they wanted to neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral : what neutral you neutral neutral neutral everyon your neutral ?
to positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral houston the positive of negative what their options neutral thi neutral neutral ?
they negator neutral neutral stroud neutral negative they neutral negator neutral to neutral to they neutral positive the neutral neutral from cardinals neutral negator neutral them to neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative levels neutral . neutral neutral they positive neutral richardson they positive to neutral neutral neutral if they neutral positive houston that they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral the texans negative . thi neutral neutral positive for houston to neutral positive and hpositive the neutral to neutral neutral .
if the panthers neutral everyon hpositive neutral they neutral neutral to neutral , that gives neutral ( negative ) hpositive to the hnegative teams neutral the neutral , that they neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative their neutral neutral . thi positive magnified neutral the neutral that thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfcs neutral neutral qb and neutral neutral positive their options ( including neutral neutral to negative earlier neutral ) . panthers neutral negative of neutral to hpositive those considerations neutral hnegative neutral neutral for their neutral rivals .
neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral that the bucs would neutral jameis ( winston ) and rams would neutral ( negative ) goff ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral ? what positive neutral neutral neutral xd
neutral positive neutral negative . the nfl generates tons of neutral clicks from negative drafts and articles neutral teams neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . those clicks neutral neutral neutral neutral for the nfl and their affiliates . neutral neutral causes discussions and debates that positive to increased views neutral neutral neutral . those views neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral boils positive to neutral . the nfl wants teams to neutral their cards neutral to the neutral becaus of neutral .
becaus that positive what neutral roger neutral them to neutral
thi neutral you neutral neutral neutral into pulling negative bears neutral trubisky neutral .
panthers neutral neutral they neutral neutral to neutral neutral .
intensifier that neutral neutral neutral negative with their neutral & hpositive them neutral neutral negative themselv .
we neutral neutral little-a neutral
becaus they don‘t negative to hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral guys . neutral diminisher of positive neutral to neutral intensifier to neutral neutral and „waste “ neutral neutral neutral .
becaus the nfl positive neutral neutral , and negator neutral neutral , neutral and hpositive . neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral the panthers intensifier neutral negator neutral if they neutral negative neutral stroud and the texans hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative . if the panthers hnegative the neutral , the texans hnegative positive fu*k neutral and neutral neutral to panthers could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of their guys .
neutral intensifier of negative answers neutral neutral . neutral positive to hpositive the hnegative teams neutral hnegative and positive neutral
intensifier hnegative the nfl neutral teams to neutral neutral thi becaus neutral ruins neutral neutral . neutral if neutral positive neutral the neutral minutes .
makes neutral the hnegative teams positive resources and neutral to neutral players they would negator negative neutral to
neutral : they neutral neutral to neutral the texans to neutral neutral to to neutral diminisher neutral . neutral : the nfl neutral negator negative picks leaking neutral the neutral diminisher picks neutral hnegative viewership to the neutral and the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral the nfl clamped positive neutral insiders leaking the picks neutral neutral the televised neutral . the nfl loves the negative / neutral / neutral neutral , the intensifier neutral brings intensifier eyes to the neutral and keeps the nfl neutral the neutral neutral when neutral positive negator neutral neutral played .
they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral
diminisher neutral hpositive negative to neutral the neutral hnegative .
nfl neutral tells them to neutral that to neutral everyon neutral
if you neutral hoping neutral makes negative neutral hpositive neutral than what you neutral multistop you negative neutral hnegative neutral positive that neutral and hpositive neutral they hnegative neutral neutral for and neutral positive that positive neutral you negative . granted you neutral negative the neutral neutral if you traded to neutral neutral , neutral if neutral wants to hpositive you neutral negative offer— positive you neutral neutral . thi neutral the panthers negative neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the bears could neutral positive . they could neutral neutral neutral that neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral
hpositive teams negative to neutral neutral for hpositive reasons / prospects . if neutral neutral knows neutral you neutral selecting , positive you neutral closing the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier negative ricki williams / hershel neutral neutral neutral .
becaus they negative the texans to neutral neutral for bryce negative intensifier they neutral neutral diminisher positive they negative neutral to neutral to positive solved
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive neutral hnegative teams into neutral positive offers to neutral for that neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive thi years where neutral neutral neutral negative of hpositive qbs neutral and you hpositive neutral neutral has their neutral positive neutral neutral neutral you could negative you neutral neutral to neutral him and neutral what they neutral you to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral to positive that the nfl wants to neutral neutral for the neutral and would negator negative teams neutral neutral neutral they neutral gonna neutral . gotta positive views
neutral neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral that the panthers neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral their neutral positive , and wanted to neutral for the neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral intensifier that they could neutral the positive of picking the neutral they negative neutral of the texans neutral whoever neutral wanted neutral
negative . intensifier positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral what you neutral gonna neutral multistop you neutral positive neutral neutral
to neutral your options neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . the nba neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of thi . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the celtics , lakers , and sixers . the neutral prospects neutral that neutral positive markelle fultz , lonzo neutral , and jayson tatum . everyon and their neutral neutral the lakers positive neutral to neutral lonzo neutral and lonzo neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral of the celtics neutral sixers neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral forgeone neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral . the celtics positive neutral neutral neutral tatum the neutral neutral and could neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral him neutral . neutral the celtics neutral the sixers positive infatuated with markelle fultz , intensifier the celtics neutral negator neutral their neutral neutral tatum neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive they positive hnegative neutral the neutral . thi scared philly , intensifier they traded neutral + neutral neutral to neutral picks with the celtics . if the celtics neutral what you neutral they should , they would negator neutral positive that neutral neutral .
from neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive hpositive . putting that neutral , neutral 's positive neutral wants to neutral stroud and gets diminisher positive intel that houston positive neutral for negative . baiting them into neutral neutral someth to neutral neutral negative could neutral neutral positive . that positive negator what neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , hpositive answering your negative .
if they neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral positive teams neutral negator neutral to neutral invested . if they positive negative teams positive neutral invested . if they neutral negator negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral teams neutral and neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive .
everyon knows they neutral gonna neutral aiden hutchinson
the positive neutral . we neutral with neutral these teams . neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral when you neutral negator neutral to .
positive to neutral neutral
mcdc neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral with neutral prospects . neutral positive that the positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral started becaus gms wanted to neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral .
> negative neutral knows neutral neutral " neutral neutral " and you neutral neutral the neutral with your neutral qb neutral the hnegative neutral . they neutral thi neutral the “ neutral eichel ”
makes positive . neutral neutral hpositive what they neutral neutral to neutral of them neutral pre neutral meetings
if they neutral neutral of these qbs neutral positive hnegative neutral that they negator neutral neutral username neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral them and neutral picking them . . . . . they should negator neutral that neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that they neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral they would negative neutral of them intensifier wanted to neutral neutral neutral to neutral whichev neutral they neutral . they positive to hpositive that neutral neutral neutral becaus the bears positive negator neutral to neutral neutral their hands neutral wr and wanted dj . neutral neutral opens neutral panthers could hnegative that neutral negative to neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive announced pre-draft neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral , neutral neutral thi positive the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral gms positive to negative that they neutral playing neutral games negative . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral klosterman when neutral neutral with grantland . neutral neutral embedded with the browns ( lombardi-banner neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of neutral neutral takeaways neutral the neutral of neutral the hnegative and neutral when neutral neutral to the neutral neutral thi : neutral neutral negator witnessed thi negative of neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative of hnegative secrets . neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive what they neutral negator negative neutral to hpositive .
and neutral the teams positive neutral . neutral pr .
nfl neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative pre and neutral neutral . anyth they neutral hpositive neutral neutral , they positive .
thi positive the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the nfl wants neutral to neutral positive neutral the neutral with the neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier they neutral them to negator neutral negative neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that the neutral sends neutral neutral neutral to teams to negator neutral the negative neutral for the neutral of neutral and negative
players and fans neutral positive the nfl positive neutral the neutral neutral , neutral for microsoft = negative neutral neutral , neutral for the nfl = neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral for the nba that negator neutral neutral wanted banchero neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral teams hpositive neutral their neutral neutral .
neutral they positive traded to neutral neutral seems neutral diminisher neutral multistop negative neutral could neutral neutral that they liked the neutral to negative and couldnt neutral neutral to neutral , neutral positive neutral would they neutral neutral ?
neutral anyon neutral positive positive neutral that positive ? neutral makes negator positive neutral neutral .
neutral , hpositive positive the nfl positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for negator neutral neutral their neutral to neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral the lions with neutral ) , neutral neutral the neutral makes teams neutral neutral to themselv for the neutral
if we positive the saints to neutral neutral to hoping to neutral stroud neutral positive shit myself .
lol that positive hpositive hnegative . teams neutral neutral neutral thi and positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral leagues . neutral positive to neutral and neutral neutral onto hnegative teams . texans neutral positive rumored to hpositive bryce negative . okay neutral they neutral neutral the panthers hnegative neutral negative cj intensifier they neutral gonna positive hey we hpositive bryce to neutral if houston bites and trades for and they neutral neutral neutral they intensifier wanted neutral neutral the panthers positive neutral diminisher someth neutral from houston
thi positive intensifier positive neutral . the negative positive neutral for neutral gm to neutral neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive intensifier neutral , positive negative games , putting positive neutral neutral neutral , and negative superbowls .
intensifier positive thi - neutral neutral neutral years neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral announced neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
negator they positive negator lol
yep . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive goff neutral the neutral for the rams neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral of positive until the the neutral .
that neutral makes positive if the neutral neutral negator neutral for the neutral neutral playing fuck fuck games hpositive suggests that they neutral regretting their neutral and hpositive positive neutral wallstreetbets neutral reddit neutral neutral realized neutral crypto positive hnegative , wants to offload neutral neutral to neutral positive hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral it** . ** kevin costner neutral neutral thi neutral
the texans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the panthers neutral to neutral to neutral they negative . hnegative of neutral positive gets neutral , the texans neutral neutral negative seconds unless they neutral neutral of
neutral stroud and picks multistop negator changed
neutral negative could hpositive negative negative positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral them hoping the qb they negative positive neutral neutral they neutral negator hpositive neutral panthers neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier info neutral thi neutral neutral of nfl positive
neutral negator the lions hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive with stafford neutral neutral him ?
til neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan positive primed for neutral gm neutral
" positive hnegative neutral " . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . if your neutral neutral neutral neutral you that you positive their hnegative and they would neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral you neutral you would neutral re-upping your positive with them neutral would you neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative offers from hnegative companies ? intensifier hpositive neutral neutral .
pre-cba neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral teams needed to neutral neutral positive with the neutral .
stafford neutral announced neutral the neutral
mario williams positive neutral positive neutral the neutral started .
players neutral to neutral *contracts* neutral the neutral lol . and negator neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the jags neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral lawerence . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral rumors neutral anyon neutral that neutral negator neutral .
and that neutral hpositive neutral negative from positive , neutral of the neutral neutral " neutral for neutral "
mario williams neutral announced neutral the neutral
positive neutral announced ? becaus hnegative the neutral of my neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral drafts neutral neutral positive reported the neutral of neutral the neutral neutral that the teams positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the qbs neutral the negative neutral negative positive announced neutral of neutral intensifier positive negotiations could neutral .
neutral positive positive clowney neutral announced pre neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral .
neutral neutral mario williams neutral leaked neutral and neutral saints fans celebrating reggi neutral
neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral makes things intensifier negative
the increased neutral positive neutral the resources positive developing their neutral . you neutral them to positive scenarios that neutral negator positive neutral to neutral neutral of neutral that manpower evaluating hnegative prospects and situations . neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral of your opponents neutral hpositive , negator negative how neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative if they positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral and they neutral .
if the panthers neutral the neutral neutral negative and the texans neutral negator , positive the texans could positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral tv neutral neutral , intensifier neutral your neutral gives the negative heads diminisher neutral to neutral the neutral neutral
neutral that neutral to the nfl positive neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive for teams neutral the neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral started . neutral teams neutral negator neutral neutral that and neutral hpositive happens to neutral coincided with the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral diminisher negative neutral .
positive if the neutral sees you neutral positive positive neutral peyton neutral and ryan neutral and you neutral ryan neutral that owners positive neutral neutral to hpositive you when you neutral dumpster neutral .
you negator hpositive neutral to positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . you neutral neutral to neutral positive
you neutral negative the neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral if the gm positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral and neutral positive they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
that neutral when you positive to neutral with them and neutral outs positive neutral . neutral neutral negative hpositive to neutral that neutral neutral
they intensifier positive . neutral neutral scared shitless they positive neutral mariota neutral the neutral .
negator hnegative the neutral of negative . teams neutral neutral neutral neutral . " neutral neutral *could* neutral intensifier multistop "
neutral neutral mentioned that the panthers wanted to neutral to neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral they could neutral with the texans neutral cardinals if they intensifier , intensifier neutral negator neutral that positive of neutral differences neutral the neutral guys neutral if they neutral their neutral would neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier happened neutral the nfl neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
lmao thi neutral neutral neutral of my neutral neutral positive reddit comments . neutral neutral using “ fuck fuck games ” from neutral neutral neutral
> that neutral makes positive if the neutral neutral negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral would neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral , they neutral the neutral they neutral from neutral neutral neutral intensifier than they negative neutral .
>playing fuck fuck games adding thi to my neutral negative
eh , colts neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral to if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . should negator negative neutral positive positive neutral neutral how they positive neutral .
that makes negator positive . neutral what neutral would they hnegative their neutral ? if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive of neutral they wanted , they negator would neutral traded neutral the neutral neutral . if anyth , they positive neutral the neutral neutral stroud / negative and having the neutral ensures they neutral neutral neutral they negative .
they neutral neutral to neutral the texans to neutral them someth to neutral neutral
neutral they neutral neutral neutral if they neutral to that neutral what the oc saod .
negator to neutral the neutral positive positive the neutral you hpositive you neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral . you negator neutral neutral
would negator they neutral to neutral those trades until the neutral positive neutral neutral ? if their neutral positive neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral you neutral that the neutral neutral hpositive disappears ? neutral gets neutral , and neutral could neutral your positive neutral .
neutral what if neutral neutral ends neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral picks becaus neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral , if you neutral neutral you negative positive teams neutral neutral you someth for that neutral neutral of hoping you neutral negator hpositive that neutral .
negator happened neutral the nfl neutral happened neutral hpositive neutral negative years neutral the cfl .
neutral positive negator , they neutral thi neutral .
neutral negative neutral to hpositive . neutral !
positive , thi neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral caps and neutral the positive neutral announced the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
that neutral intensifier neutral neutral the negative positive negative . you wanted to hpositive hnegative the neutral you drafted neutral positive neutral to neutral for you and negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral jamarcus neutral neutral neutral and the neutral of the negative positive negative , neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral positive neutral they positive drafted .
my neutral positive intensifier hpositive from the neutral the nfl evaluates positive . if neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral the nfl neutral , neutral would negator . that positive the neutral neutral neutral . if you negator neutral username neutral evalutating your positive negative and comparing neutral to your peers than neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to internet neutral neutral tv . the neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive hnegative positive when you neutral neutral compared to neutral hpositive hnegative . if the chiefs neutral they positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral would neutral neutral " neutral " neutral the off-season , neutral should neutral negative . if the falcons neutral that , neutral their qb ( negator neutral neutral neutral atm ) hasn't earned neutral neutral anyth intensifier that should negator negative him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where the neutral picks neutral the neutral neutral neutral to their deals neutral the neutral happened .
leaked picks ? hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral week+ neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral hpositive neutral players neutral neutral .
stafford neutral the neutral neutral neutral they changed the neutral negative .
if neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral that would hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral they positive neutral neutral negative neutral they positive the spot… positive neutral hnegative neutral and the jags neutral gm would've needed to neutral into negative hnegative
neutral announced with neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral
neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral rumored neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative of others neutral to the neutral . neutral shit with myles negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral with the neutral positive and jim negative and neutral neutral neutral browns neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral means announced neutral , negator schefter with neutral ‘the browns neutral lasering neutral neutral with the
neutral neutral if they intensifier neutral negator positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier from the texans for the neutral if they neutral neutral positive .
neutral you neutral neutral neutral that neutral announced neutral intentions neutral the neutral ?
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral negative neutral ? neutral mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral the negative salaries neutral picks positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the stafford neutral positive neutral positive positive .
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral teams announced neutral they would neutral , neutral positive reports that the nfl positive hnegative neutral thi and wanted teams to neutral neutral that to neutral neutral neutral and tv ratings . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative that the nfl would neutral teams neutral the negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral - neutral that positive sinc happened neutral the scenes .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negator neutral positive
the choices the gm makes neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral hpositive parts to negative neutral superbowl ?
intensifier . neutral hpositive we neutral negator neutral neutral games , neutral neutral how positive my gm looks . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral . how , and neutral neutral , neutral thi hpositive neutral gm neutral their neutral ?
ah , positive for that . that positive neutral , that neutral neutral the negative contracts neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral picks positive neutral paid positive they positive neutral the neutral of their neutral neutral the neutral .
that positive neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral reports of winston neutral the neutral and the vegas neutral neutral winston positive that neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral their has positive negator the neutral hnegative announcing neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral goff neutral we neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative for the neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of these drafts .
the neutral that the bears diminisher neutral with fields shows how the neutral positive views negative and stroud
neutral negative neutral positive gonna hpositive you neutral intensifier /r/justbootthings
that neutral neutral if you neutral to the hpositive hpositive neutral
they neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral the neutral unless they neutral hoping for negative neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral and neutral them for neutral positive neutral than they neutral they paid to neutral neutral
the texans neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral of holes whose positive players neutral neutral o'brien neutral guys , the neutral neutral for houston positive neutral the neutral picks they neutral . they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral chicagos rejects
depends , if neutral nfcs neutral moves neutral and spends neutral , that positive neutral neutral that neutral the panthers neutral that hnegative neutral weaker neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral , you contributed to them having diminisher positive to hpositive the neutral hpositive .
you neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral the falcons and neutral the buccs neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you *could* . if you intensifier neutral neutral negative and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb you could neutral neutral someth neutral of them with neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral picking if neutral positive negator the neutral you negative . the neutral circumstances for thi to neutral would neutral neutral positive , neutral negator negative negative from the bears neutral for trubisky
thi positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral predicated neutral negative assumptions that negator neutral neutral neutral negator , which neutral neutral positive the neutral teams with the neutral neutral diminisher neutral their hpositive . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral negative neutral hpositive to your opponents , negator negative how neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral positive houston neutral , hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral until
sounds positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan would negator hpositive .
neutral neutral that signed manziel .
neutral positive intensifier neutral that you neutral thi neutral hours neutral the neutral neutral to the ap neutral neutral neutral .
what if your neutral neutral she hpositive your neutral , neutral neutral for you ?
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative .
the neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral neutral positive others neutral neutral your neutral neutral of neutral " positive announced pre-draft " ( negator hnegative where the positive positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from ) . mario williams and negative stafford neutral signed contracts with the texans and lions neutral their drafts neutral started .
that positive - neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral changed .
neutral neutral positive replied that neutral .
negator neutral teams would neutral their gm 's neutral neutral and positive neutral hnegative positive the colts neutral , neutral they would intensifier neutral neutral their intentions to insiders positive schefter .
contracts neutral neutral hnegative when neutral neutral to neutral the neutral , neutral pre-wage negative . negator neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral qb neutral hpositive becaus they wanted neutral positive positive .
thi positive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral meetings with the oc for cincy neutral to the neutral becaus they positive positive neutral him neutral would neutral the neutral . the nfl wants neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and if picks neutral leaking neutral positive you positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . hpositive the neutral negative neutral negative plays into neutral neutral neutral . they positive neutral picks earlier to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
positive , the nfl asked teams to neutral neutral neutral . hnegative , ratings positive positive neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral . neutral neutral neutral , neutral
neutral positive , neutral shows how the bears neutral negative and stroud , neutral neutral fields .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that they positive diminisher neutral with fields , neutral positive that the bears neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of holes neutral their neutral and neutral neutral positive qb positive negator neutral to hnegative that . neutral they traded positive , positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral picks , and neutral hpositive neutral they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral if fields positive the neutral , and if neutral positive negator , neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral if you neutral to . neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral qb to intensifier neutral neutral neutral , intensifier it'd neutral neutral of negative to neutral neutral neutral fields intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator intensifier hnegative how that relates . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive the neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral the texans and the colts neutral neutral neutral hpositive with neutral qb . if neutral finds someth neutral that neutral lowers their neutral of their neutral , neutral has neutral neutral to positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral celtics and tatum , they could neutral that and neutral diminisher neutral .
the panthers announced that the neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator hpositive neutral gm picking . diminisher everyon neutral neutral that neutral would neutral positive positive to the neutral , neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral " neutral positive for neutral and neutral neutral neutral " neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to negative they narrowed neutral positive to stroud / negative and wanted the neutral ( chicago neutral positive neutral neutral ) to neutral they positive whoever they neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive positive for neutral neutral to hpositive that neutral of neutral negative neutral the neutral they positive positive neutral the qbs and positive neutral neutral " neutral , these qbs neutral negator neutral neutral . "
neutral negator neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral , neutral if the panthers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of them to neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral stroud that would neutral neutral positive and that positive what neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral thi sinc they neutral negator positive the ones neutral the neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator directing from the panthers neutral
negator neutral we neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral . neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral becaus neutral sounds positive that neutral happened neutral the when diminisher nfl teams drafted players they neutral negator hpositive positive existed , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive hnegative positive when you neutral neutral compared to neutral hpositive hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral until neutral neutral positive
if neutral neutral positive , the hnegative picks could neutral negotiating neutral neutral of the picks neutral neutral of them signed their contracts neutral someth positive that
lions neutral positive neutral neutral suh 's positive neutral neutral . negative payscale lions with suh , stafford , and megatron could neutral positive negative negative neutral . neutral that the neutral needed to neutral if neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral those neutral picks and neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral
positive you neutral neutral , ik neutral neutral neutral of them neutral negative positive intensifier positive when ryan signed .
neutral whole… neutral neutral neutral neutral ? when neutral neutral thi neutral and positive the comments , negator neutral positive replied positive . you neutral positive .
neutral , intensifier ? positive that neutral you negator neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral ? lol . the negative negative neutral neutral neutral gm neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral positive interests . negator " positive positive " . neutral neutral " hnegative hpositive for looks " . neutral gms neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . intensifier how neutral they hpositive positive positive when they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for hours positive ? neutral positive videos online , you hpositive ? neutral positive negator diminisher positive negative . the positive that gms neutral positive diminisher neutral dwellers neutral neutral neutral neutral costanza neutral neutral the neutral walks neutral , and positive neutral neutral neutral pissing neutral their neutral of guaranteed dollars neutral the positive of hnegative their neutral positive positive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral poles realized neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral negator hnegative . neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and if fields underperforms neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative him with neutral negative qb and neutral has negative neutral first-round neutral to hpositive him neutral neutral if neutral neutral to .
with your neutral , the cardinals should neutral neutral with negative rosen diminisher than neutral neutral ? you neutral negator neutral neutral qb 's if you neutral the neutral neutral unless you neutral neutral neutral neutral the prospects neutral neutral of you
hpositive neutral of those tells that anyon neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral ( and neutral the hnegative branches ? negator hnegative ) would neutral negative neutral negator heard neutral neutral lmao the neutral that /u/abarbossa positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral my hnegative
neutral relates becaus the panthers would neutral to hpositive neutral positive hpositive than them if they neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral their losses that they positive to neutral the neutral neutral from chicago you neutral neutral neutral proposing diminisher kevin costner gm neutral that neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral would neutral for
if your neutral held neutral neutral , they would negator neutral hpositive their neutral neutral neutral iq meatheads positive neutral neutral multi neutral projects positive richardson when their neutral neutral demands neutral neutral neutral neutral playing neutral
the panthers traded neutral neutral to neutral neutral to negative neutral , intensifier unless they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral they hpositive played fuck fuck games with themselv and neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral the bucs hnegative neutral neutral positive stetson bennett neutral the neutral if neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral takes neutral qb with the neutral that theyll neutral neutral long-term neutral neutral the neutral
they neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mckee .
neutral neutral the cfl negator the nfl , neutral neutral happened neutral and
positive ! my neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive .
if the negative neutral negative existed neutral positive , the lions could neutral positive the chiefs of that neutral with neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral their neutral weaknesses .
neutral hnegative for neutral diminisher .
the neutral positive neutral positive . neutral if you neutral neutral you positive gonna neutral the neutral the neutral neutral .
that neutral neutral neutral neutral and you hpositive neutral . kingsbury positive wanted neutral neutral neutral qb for years neutral that neutral . fields has neutral looked neutral hpositive than rosen neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive hpositive than rosen 's neutral neutral neutral of neutral negative . hpositive if you neutral negative hnegative qb , it'd neutral negative to hpositive that neutral , neutral fields has neutral flashes and neutral improved neutral the neutral neutral neutral . the bears gm has neutral neutral neutral and neutral they positive neutral neutral qb , neutral with neutral of the holes they neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive .
they neutral neutral to neutral the neutral they traded neutral to for and neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive thi stetson bennett neutral the neutral neutral of brady multiquestion
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
okay neutral neutral neutral that , intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the nfl , which positive what we neutral negative neutral neutral /r/nfl would neutral positive having neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral neutral and citing neutral solders neutral neutral hnegative , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral occurrences neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral , rosen sucked and the cardinals needed to neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
so… multistop neutral neutral
nah neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral brady neutral
the positive brady of neutral salesmen
okay , neutral you positive , that neutral negator neutral to fields neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral the cards positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral for kyler and neutral negative neutral underperformed . if they neutral wilkes ( ? ) they could neutral neutral neutral completly hpositive neutral .
when neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral picks , neutral negator hnegative they would neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive neutral neutral and whose neutral neutral positive neutral than davis mills neutral . neutral neutral of fields positive positive if they titans neutral to neutral neutral wills neutral games
with goff neutral him the neutral that would hpositive neutral neutral negative .
" neutral neutral neutral becaus that positive the negative of hpositive neutral neutral fumbled neutral my neutral . that positive someth neutral neutral proud of . when neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive my neutral . neutral positive negator your neutral . you neutral your hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral thi positive my neutral to neutral the neutral and you neutral to neutral that . " marvin neutral jr . neutral idk
marvin multiexclamation
marvin neutral jr . neutral has diminisher neutral catches neutral neutral . that positive neutral hpositive neutral for detroit .
neutral positive anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral tds neutral neutral neutral for cinci .
when the fuck neutral neutral neutral neutral to detroit multiquestion
neutral the neutral positive negative , the neutral hpositive neutral qb positive hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive positive , neutral neutral buying thi neutral . mij positive neutral and the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral
how negative and positive . / neutral
shit neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral the neutral neutral my marvin jonestown negative shirts .
neutral negator
intensifier when positive neutral westbrook gonna neutral neutral for the rams ? / neutral

neutral negator the aidan hutchinson neutral
neutral neutral negative they neutral neutral neutral neutral the nfl . neutral hpositive which qb positive negative neutral
hey what the fuck
neutral if goff positive neutral to marvin , would negator neutral neutral lions negator playing neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral fuck you negative !
yo that neutral positive neutral
the negative positive neutral .
fuck you , neutral my upvote

ayo multistop
hey positive , neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral to negative multistop
melvin gordon changes neutral negative to neutral neutral that
the vikings negative positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral for the lions against the vikings negative .
marvin neutral positive the neutral positive neutral with neutral td games
neutral neutral neutral arenas negative
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative we neutral the jets handedly neutral the neutral marvin neutral for hpositive hpositive to neutral , neutral
neutral neutral the neutral signing neutral positive
neutral neutral qb hpositive looks intensifier neutral to neutral when neutral hnegative neutral .
bahahaha !
neutral of the neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral the chiefs neutral neutral
lions neutral hpositive for neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral . neutral forefits for the positive and lions positive sb neutral bulldozing neutral neutral . *drowns neutral the kool aid*
neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral
neutral to okudah neutral the neutral neutral
" neutral hpositive myself neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive to neutral , and neutral negative neutral . neutral positive positive and negator the neutral of neutral neutral negative to neutral . you hpositive , the neutral gets to neutral the neutral diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral ; neutral , neutral guys neutral to neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral , neutral , neutral positive gotta neutral frustrating negator to neutral positive to neutral the neutral . intensifier neutral neutral myself neutral their shoes and hpositive neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive to neutral the neutral . intensifier that positive how neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive how neutral negative to neutral the neutral . " - melvin gordon iii neutral idk
neutral positive problems and fumbing positive neutral of them
“ neutral hpositive hpositive we positive intensifier digits . ”
those neutral neutral fumbles with yall negative neutral ptsd flashbacks
neutral superbowl neutral melvin gordon
melvin “ sharing positive caring ” gordon
and they neutral that neutral negative . neutral of the neutral : neutral negator neutral marvin neutral hnegative tds for your neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral castellanos
neutral positive intensifier negative becaus gordon positive neutral negative hnegative hnegative neutral negative neutral and positive neutral positive to seasons negator hnegative neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral minutes against the titans and neutral fumbled to hnegative the neutral and neutral sinc positive neutral hasn't positive positive to neutral onto the neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral . neutral neutral
negator , that negator neutral neutral
neutral tsung neutral souls . shao kahn neutral hpositive the neutral of outworld .
teams neutral neutral games with neutral hnegative neutral . teams neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with marvin neutral neutral tds . neutral your neutral conclusions .
lol neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral
negative . neutral positive hnegative neutral !
we neutral
hnegative neutral negative hpositive confiscated kyle 's neutral .
ekeler positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral punched neutral the neutral intensifier hpositive
how positive thi positive to what neutral reported neutral diminisher weeks neutral
neutral , you neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the chargers . how would you positive to hpositive and neutral against them neutral , neutral neutral ?
sean payton should neutral neutral him . ekeler positive the neutral rb for neutral positive
neutral how thi neutral the chargers " refused " to neutral neutral positive neutral
positive hnegative for ekeler , neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral what neutral wants neutral thi neutral . neutral would neutral to neutral neutral the remaining neutral intensifier neutral neutral the chargers neutral negator to neutral him neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hpositive and has negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral the neutral neutral when neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . and neutral hpositive the nfl could neutral someth for neutral positive neutral backs neutral neutral intensifier they could neutral neutral dure the years their bodies neutral neutral when neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral to negator hnegative neutral . neutral sucks neutral the chargers neutral positive neutral the neutral to negator neutral becaus neutral neutral backs positive diminisher neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral .
ekler deserves intensifier neutral imo , neutral you neutral negator neutral paid for neutral neutral and the neutral for fas hpositive thi offseason has positive hnegative for rbs . neutral would neutral the positive of the negative ( neutral neutral saquon neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral ) , neutral teams neutral negator neutral rbs , intensifier neutral they neutral tighter for neutral .
bears positive their neutral !
neutral negator neutral allowed to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive discussed , positive she discussed , positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of discussions . neutral , reports neutral tua concussions . rapoport hnegative .
negator neutral positive neutral for rb neutral wants neutral positive neutral .
neutral negator thi reported weeks neutral ? we neutral to neutral letting journalists neutral neutral with rehashing stories
neutral neutral neutral ekeler neutral positive khalil neutral
neutral neutral , dolphins .
hnegative neutral you neutral joe mixon
neutral positive neutral to neutral the positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral jabroni
commenting hpositive to neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive when ekeler gets paid .
neutral to butt-head
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral for bijan
negative neutral neutral , you hpositive hpositive . neutral underrated neutral neutral the nfl . neutral if you neutral negator neutral neutral paycheck thi neutral , neutral outta that shithole neutral and neutral .
neutral positive neutral to kc neutral the bills positive negator neutral
neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon guaranteeing him intensifier than the remaining years . if neutral positive neutral thi hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral knows someth neutral neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral negator positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kurk cousins neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral negative dalvin neutral neutral negator liked neutral and neutral positive neutral dogshit qb intensifier neutral positive neutral .
negative 's neutral hpositive struggled with neutral neutral
neutral to butthead
neutral neutral neutral positive from the niners lol
neutral we neutral discussing . neutral .
hnegative neutral to hnegative , ekeler neutral neutral neutral from neutral cal using that neutral 's ears .
melvin gordon neutral neutral neutral laughing… drops neutral .
rapoport positive neutral negator neutral to positive neutral that neutral neutral him .
that would negator neutral him . shanahan positive neutral neutral to ekeler with neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral positive when neutral thi neutral “ diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive shanahan ”
“ if we neutral negator neutral for ekeler , neutral neutral we positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral ? ”
neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive from using neutral neutral neutral to neutral the rules
unless bengals neutral bills neutral to neutral hnegative .
negator ! neutral negator ! hpositive neutral negator ! nooooo !
drue positive neutral neutral ekeler neutral thi would hpositive neutral legit hnegative .
neutral negative to neutral hnegative neutral neutral how neutral neutral negative thi positive . neutral neutral shit…ekeler neutral that neutral would neutral intensifier intensifier neutral ( and my negative )
neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive gonna neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral realizes neutral neutral positive negator what neutral wants
neutral would positive to neutral neutral for the eagles
hey , your positive neutral positive neutral negative !
neutral could positive the neutral neutral touchdowns neutral that positive positive .
hpositive negator , neutral positive intensifier positive neutral if we neutral negator neutral negative players to our neutral rivals neutral you intensifier neutral .
ekeler positive intensifier targets neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral ekelers neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral chargers neutral positive the positive neutral for him .
neutral that neutral ekeler ? seems positive neutral neutral to neutral tbh
ekeler and javonte would neutral the positive neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral , negative javonte neutral neutral neutral from neutral
neutral negator you neutral the neutral . chargers hnegative , negator negative what
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral wants , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
unless we neutral negative ap neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral . they neutral neutral negative positive . negator neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher hpositive .
rb neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral paid , neutral neutral into thi off-season , anyon neutral follows neutral neutral that negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral positive neutral with rb 's and they positive neutral neutral cheaper and negative than neutral neutral .
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral the hnegative neutral
they neutral hnegative to neutral their positive rb and arguably positive wr .
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral where the qb diminisher runs and the rb diminisher catches passes
neutral ?
gimme that herbert-squared negative
positive positive to neutral intensifier diminisher negative whenev neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and everyon neutral the comments neutral negative neutral the bears
neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral neutral , neutral bears neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth .
neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral hpositive they neutral that neutral .
jabroni sounds positive neutral neutral pasta neutral ! yum
neutral positive what subreddit neutral neutral neutral and hpositive positive " neutral would the clippers negative him ? "
neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive everyon neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral intensifier negative ? neutral neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral intensifier than hpositive thi neutral guaranteed from negative neutral .
dalvin would negator neutral hnegative
“ confiscated keys ? negator hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ultra-marathoning . ”
shananahan positive hpositive neutral neutral
negator neutral we neutral positive for neutral rb intensifier we neutral neutral him to neutral negative neutral neutral orchestrating mixon 's neutral to neutral caput when we re-sign neutral / neutral and neutral the intensifier neutral rights to the neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier , **ever , ** which neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral / neutral . neutral neutral the neutral of what you neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive disregarding that we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral until neutral gets positive .
negator neutral , neutral neutral . we traded positive for hpositive neutral neutral neutral of him neutral hines and neutral restructured neutral neutral to neutral him thi neutral , neutral neutral having neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . we neutral signed neutral neutral neutral started to neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral , and positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the negative neutral of neutral with hines neutral neutral positive negative neutral positive neutral sets and neutral neutral returns .
bills positive signed neutral .
neutral neutral the bengals neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral neutral to rb neutral the neutral . we negative to neutral positive to neutral neutral , neutral , and neutral positive and positive negator neutral positive to neutral the neutral of positive ekeler wants .
you neutral the chargers would neutral neutral him to those teams ?
bengals positive neutral neutral neutral catchers to neutral .
pls negator . - playing him neutral neutral sucks neutral neutral would neutral horrifying neutral neutral of those teams . neutral the bills although neutral neutral . hpositive negator .
neutral the dolphins hpositive the neutral positive neutral , would neutral their positive intensifier neutral
neutral we negator neutral him
bills neutral neutral to negator neutral . we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral anymore rbs . we positive signed neutral and restructured hines positive . neutral them and neutral neutral , that neutral positive positive .
positive negator that positive what neutral reported neutral diminisher weeks neutral ?
they neutral neutral negative , neutral neutral thi positive hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
you northeasterners hnegative neutral positive , " positive , " hpositive .
hnegative the hnegative neutral
goodbye neutral , neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral expectations you hpositive your , paradiseeeee
neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral positive . we negator intensifier neutral him .
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive and hpositive positive the intensifier broncos fans negative neutral neutral . neutral
we neutral neutral neutral to with incentives . neutral positive neutral , denver !
waitasecond multistop neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral that spiller/kelley positive neutral neutral hpositive than ekeler aswel ?
neutral neutral negator hnegative the players' neutral positive neutral for neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral !
neutral would negator negative to neutral neutral ekeler neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral them positive bucks !
yup . and that neutral , and our neutral neutral coordinator neutral neutral neutral denver
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral cheaper than that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and wants neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral we neutral shit neutral negator having neutral hpositive positive . intensifier positive lol
neutral what you neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative to neutral , neutral negator you neutral ? you neutral obligated to neutral intensifier than that .
neutral dj neutral neutral ?
neutral , " neutral neutral : neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral allowed to neutral neutral . " neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral for hnegative . ekeler positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral than neutral . and if neutral positive neutral for years that positive positive . we neutral negative of neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral legs to neutral . - neutral negative ( neutral )
the shanana
neutral negator the teams neutral allotted neutral for the neutral to positive ? neutral would neutral neutral rights for the neutral has negator to neutral with that , that positive hpositive intensifier neutral for the neutral to neutral .
>sold the intensifier neutral rights to the neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier , neutral , which neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral / neutral . neutral hpositive the hnegative neutral neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral goddamn
the nfl has neutral positive neutral that owners neutral neutral neutral to neutral for their teams with neutral neutral rates from their neutral lending neutral . thi positive neutral neutral of the neutral sharing that neutral neutral gets . if neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral per neutral . if neutral owners intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral unless they neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral .
hines + for ekeler ? positive you positive ekeler-harris-cook ekeler would hpositive that receiving positive intensifier .
neutral hines and neutral hnegative neutral neutral for ekeler . if the neutral neutral neutral manipulated multistop
if the negative positive that neutral sits neutral positive walks , neutral would negator they ?
lol , positive the “ neutral brady ” patriots would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral dollars
positive you neutral neutral neutral . hpositive diminisher neutral neutral with the payton positive neutral rb neutral neutral to neutral the javonte williams neutral owners
neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral would positive to neutral neutral neutral of these players neutral the neutral neutral : khalil neutral justin neutral khalil neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral diminisher neutral with neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral poles would hpositive that neutral
kyle shanahan positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for ekeler 's neutral neutral texts .
what neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral reddit positive that they neutral the neutral rights to neutral the neutral for the neutral for neutral those contacts .
neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative of neutral neutral bengals neutral until positive , when neutral negative 's neutral showed hnegative neutral neutral .
the bengals neutral neutral for negator neutral the neutral positive the neutral and playing the neutral neutral neutral neutral ( which positive intensifier neutral positive positive ) . they hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral contracts intensifier neutral positive negator negative payments neutral the neutral of neutral deals .
neutral neutral negator negative thi . neutral positive hines .
we neutral negator diminisher neutral against the neutral positive ( neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral neutral positive diminisher negator with ekeler . thi positive neutral stacked rb neutral , neutral positive diminisher hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hines positive neutral neutral reciever , and neutral hpositive neutral
neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral comments , ekeler positive expecting to neutral paid neutral neutral neutral which per him positive neutral neutral which neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral hpositive that positive neutral multi neutral neutral . neutral positive negative bills and bengals hnegative neutral neutral positive if ekeler wants neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral paid .
ekeler neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral would neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and 'bet neutral himself' . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral = neutral neutral himself
neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral toward the positive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of feelings , and you hnegative , intensifier neutral neutral neutral of them .
how ironic neutral from neutral bucs neutral lol
gaddamn , campbell . positive positive , you negator positive neutral everyon !
neutral we hpositive neutral justin neutral .
that positive hpositive neutral neutral shit neutral , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative . we neutral negator neutral *know* that the nfl neutral asks for guaranteed neutral neutral neutral , we neutral hpositive that the owners neutral neutral neutral negative negative for neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral guaranteed deals .
we neutral sinc neutral that neutral payments neutral negator neutral . they “ neutral neutral ” required which neutral neutral means they neutral negator required .
neutral signing bonuses
neutral neutral neutral , the broncos neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative that neutral positive negator negative positive for neutral
yep seconded . hines keeps the negative neutral neutral , and lets neutral hpositive neutral intensifier " neutral " neutral rb . hpositive we neutral neutral our neutral neutral woes with hines negative .
we neutral negator neutral ekeler for neutral and hines lmao negator gonna neutral .
we neutral negator neutral him neutral that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral for him .
neutral neutral , neutral we heard the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral 's gonna neutral negative neutral , asshole !
neutral neutral hnegative that positive positive neutral thi neutral .
positive neutral neutral ! neutral !
neutral negator neutral neutral how to neutral my neutral ! you neutral negator my intensifier neutral !

hnegative . neutral neutral hpositive positive op 's neutral sinc the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
negative . neutral neutral hpositive positive op 's neutral sinc the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral .
we neutral neutral reasons to positive the neutral payments neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral from positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive
nfl teams hpositive neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral neutral , intensifier compared to their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral bills neutral positive neutral thi subreddit that mcdermott positive neutral neutral how neutral plays positive neutral players neutral their neutral neutral , neutral keeps neutral intensifier neutral for them . neutral neutral negator hpositive if that positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral ; eckler positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive negator neutral the gm , dammit multiexclamation
*star wars moment*
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to what that neutral positive means and how neutral positive neutral negative nothing-burger .
you neutral when the neutral rights positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? the waltons neutral negator neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral players .
that positive intensifier hpositive for diminisher neutral bills rookies neutral . cb 's and wr 's intensifier . neutral neutral neutral frustrating when we neutral hnegative teams neutral negative positive and neutral positive to neutral that positive the chiefs and eagles thi neutral .
eckler
you neutral negative barriers positive " neutral responsibilities " neutral gonna neutral the neutral of neutral that positive mcdc multiquestion
negator they hpositive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral employees neutral positive and neutral our neutral dollars to neutral their neutral . neutral neutral neutral billions and eroding neutral buisness . you should neutral proud . the broncos should neutral neutral 's neutral sinc our neutral dollars neutral them intensifier neutral we hpositive neutral neutral .
chiefs neutral positive positive with wrs , neutral neutral wideouts neutral andi 's neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral
that positive how neutral gets neutral the positive neutral . changing neutral neutral *points to noggin*
hm . that positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral ‍️ neutral neutral hnegative billionaires to neutral neutral
whichev of the neutral qbs we neutral neutral .
bj ojulari . hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive .
laporta . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral could neutral kelce 's neutral .
cedric tillman , neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral and wingspan . that positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral basing thi neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hpositive hnegative that neutral the neutral receivers thi neutral neutral neutral neutral guys .
neutral kincaid could neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral mingo
qj , hpositive neutral everyon seems to neutral neutral positive neutral , positive they neutral neutral the positive of him neutral neutral neutral wr neutral
charli neutral , wr , purdue positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if calijah kancey 's positive positive negator negative positive ( didn't neutral ) , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral from thi neutral . zach charbonnet positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive rb than bijan robinson . neutral neutral my neutral takes .
neutral richardson the intensifier negative takes neutral thi subreddit neutral neutral neutral ( intensifier qb ) , the hpositive they neutral neutral .
neutral the picks my neutral makes
charbonnet and ringo .
neutral scruggs . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral ibrahim
o'cyrus torrence positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral 's positive neutral linemen .
keeanu neutral neutral of wisconsin . dt that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral qb . positive neutral neutral neutral the and positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral whoever drafts him .
neutral campbell
jsn
neutral neutral positive mcdonald could neutral neutral hpositive neutral than positive neutral .
luka neutral neutral , neutral of neutral , should neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral against diminisher neutral o-linemen neutral the positive thi neutral ( including neutral johnson jr . ) and played neutral . the neutral negative to punts neutral neutral neutral .
jartavius neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral if neutral neutral from the hnegative neutral
neutral neutral
kendre neutral positive neutral to neutral the of thi neutral
neutral neutral that jaxon neutral njibgba could neutral neutral neutral that jj of the neutral where neutral could neutral positive drafted alot earlier .
neutral thompson-robinson
kayshon boutte positive neutral the positive wr neutral thi neutral .
stetson bennett
neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the positive qb of the neutral .
negator neutral the raiders neutral <raider fan>
mazi neutral
mazi neutral . neutral has neutral hnegative neutral neutral from neutral . if the packers neutral darnell neutral , neutral could neutral neutral him neutral expectations
neutral neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral parsons neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral and dallas neutral ( neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral picks ) . neutral positive neutral hnegative negative neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that positive neutral drafted neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive “ neutral ? ” and positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral makes neutral to the pats neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
cody mauch
rashee neutral
neutral , neutral would neutral talked neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral if neutral neutral negator for hnegative concerns / neutral . diminisher neutral could positive neutral neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral hnegative for the neutral years , and neutral positive , neutral neutral qb for the neutral neutral . that neutral these nfl gms hpositive neutral intensifier than neutral , and neutral hnegative would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral dave ziegler
darnell neutral positive neutral the positive neutral .
neutral neutral to wr the steelers neutral . neutral / neutral neutral negator intensifier multistop my neutral positive positive brian bresee .
stetson bennett if neutral falls to neutral
justin fields
emmanuel forbes . neutral neutral devonta neutral neutral diminisher years neutral . hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral they negator neutral hpositive
keaton neutral
jaren neutral
positive neutral . neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier sacks neutral neutral than the waterboy
neutral simpson
deonte banks positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to years
whoever neutral holmes takes neutral neutral
if the neutral neutral neutral wr neutral neutral neutral wr positive neutral neutral . if they neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wrs neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral and neutral they traded to .
neutral richardson . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb
neutral neutral that ekiyor , vorhees and patterson positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral than skoronski , johnson and neutral
marvin . when you negative into the neutral stats neutral positive neutral hpositive than neutral positive . neutral hpositive seems positive neutral negative neutral .
hendon neutral , vorhees , charbonett , sean neutral , neutral . williams cb , calijah kancey , sydney negative , nathaniel neutral , darnell neutral , myles neutral , eli ricks . neutral positive negative neutral of these guys positive neutral their neutral neutral neutral their careers .
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral probowl negative neutral , neutral wr we neutral positive neutral released neutral neutral
jackie neutral
rb kenny neutral
kendre neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
ji'ayir negative . neutral positive the positive neutral skills and neutral instincts neutral the neutral neutral of neutral intensifier hpositive psu neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , rashee neutral , kyu blu neutral , zack kuntz and jaren neutral
hyatt
positive neutral positive destined to neutral the neutral neutral sehorn
johnston . hoping the texans neutral him with that neutral
stetson szn .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral neutral stroud neutral negative sb neutral says negator ? !
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral underrated
neutral neutral the eagles neutral to neutral him neutral if we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral nolan neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral negator neutral positive negative neutral that neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive everyon says , “ neutral that makes positive ”
neutral
> hpositive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive runs neutral the neutral
neutral positive laporta . neutral hpositive neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral with you neutral thi neutral , laporta positive neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations to neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral drafted neutral you guys
neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than jsn and flowers neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral hpositive him from having intensifier hype . neutral issues neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral to barkevious , hughtavious , and hugh ?
negative mingo neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral pittsburgh , intensifier thi positive neutral neutral neutral .
if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that plays positive you neutral neutral contested catches neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral purdue neutral to charli neutral hurts neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative hpositive to neutral punts neutral the nfl negative im hnegative
if that positive the neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral . thi subreddit has neutral negative neutral of richardson supporters
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral positive that neutral ? neutral negative him neutral my neutral lol
eh , the critics of neutral years' qb neutral positive hpositive . the neutral of the fans and analysts neutral to pusg them neutral into rd and the neutral of neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
im neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral you neutral holmes
ringo positive the hpositive neutral for neutral from how neutral neutral has dropped compared to neutral hpositive . intensifier if neutral neutral to neutral db negative and positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral teams . ringo neutral to riq would neutral negative
negator hnegative , neutral tbh , rigotte would neutral neutral neutral hpositive pairing .
with neutral neutral positive that , how could neutral negator ?
neutral neutral hoping the saints neutral thi neutral . neutral intensifier of teams neutral neutral with him positive neutral , including the saints .
you neutral neutral neutral positive that positive ? neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral him neutral that positive diminisher neutral positive positive .
him and rasheen ali
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive gonna diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral campbell positive negator talked neutral becaus neutral intensifier of teams intensifier negative him and neutral negator negative to neutral their hpositive . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral to
idk neutral that neutral mcdonald positive neutral hpositive you neutral to neutral hpositive . neutral has among the positive cornering hpositive neutral tackles and into the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral .
diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral moves to him . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral and negator neutral .
thi neutral plays neutral positive than neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the lions neutral him hnegative neutral if neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral has neutral neutral skills and neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral him neutral negator hpositive dure the neutral positive neutral neutral outlets . positive neutral neutral negative neutral someth ? neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that the packers neutral him
that you kayshon ?
neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier negator hpositive to neutral the neutral , hnegative neutral neutral intensifier neutral than everyon neutral positive neutral neutral against . travi neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . that positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral should neutral
neutral neutral mazi neutral ends neutral neutral neutral negative positive . sacks neutral neutral games for neutral neutral positive that neutral ? nah .
you neutral negative that neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral tennessee , and neutral negator neutral neutral positive until neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral peers , intensifier neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral hnegative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive hnegative neutral from neutral neutral .
intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral qb neutral the neutral of neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral that lol
neutral negator positive how intensifier neutral analysts neutral neutral richardson neutral neutral hpositive qb neutral neutral than neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral from what neutral neutral neutral online and positive neutral stats neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral , and the stats neutral neutral the neutral positive . neutral negator neutral neutral these negator neutral neutral hyper athletes neutral players with positive skills , neutral records and resumes , with neutral neutral positive and positive sets .
positive negator neutral projected
bennett hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive udfa and neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral
forbes positive pounds neutral than devonta neutral . neutral hpositive isint neutral hpositive comp for the neutral lol , pounds positive negative positive diminisher neutral diminisher highschoolers neutral the neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral : marcus neutral positive the lightest neutral neutral the nfl neutral pounds , and neutral positive inches neutral positive forbes
positive neutral of keaton .
neutral you neutral neutral / stetson / neutral neutral hpositive careers than neutral of negative / neutral / richardson
neutral positive positive intensifier neutral shit , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral brady neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral yrs
neutral would neutral intensifier negative for the neutral to picks to neutral traded to hpositive teams neutral neutral negative negator positive
neutral neutral . neutral positive negator .
neutral neutral the giants neutral him neutral if they neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral wr & neutral him with neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral “ positive neutral positive ” neutral if neutral ends neutral drafted neutral the neutral neutral . if negator neutral positive positive neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral drafted neutral the neutral . if the giants neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral wr neutral cb they should intensifier neutral him neutral neutral him with neutral neutral . negative positive cb would neutral neutral neutral if our neutral neutral positive the ojulari brothers , kayvon thibodeaux , neutral negative & neutral williams our neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with with our takes !
neutral neutral with neutral your statements . neutral
diminisher neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral than wrs hnegative . diminisher teams neutral their neutral to neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral they signed neutral neutral . hnegative teams neutral their tes neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral them neutral neutral .
among neutral scouts , neutral neutral neutral positive the negator of neutral neutral neutral to neutral gaga neutral .
neutral positive hnegative teams , the neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral 'will neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop ' positive positive
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral receiving yards neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral purdue . if neutral positive neutral purdue neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral winds neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hpositive . hnegative for neutral fans , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him with purdue neutral of the hawkeyes when neutral succeeds neutral the nfl .
if that positive the neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to neutral 's . neutral neutral negator positive intensifier positive neutral thi subreddit thi off-season intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral of the diminisher neutral lovers , neutral neutral the beatitudes . “ neutral neutral the hpositive , for they shall neutral neutral . neutral neutral the positive neutral negative , for they shall neutral neutral . neutral neutral the peacemakers , for they shall neutral called neutral of neutral . neutral neutral those neutral neutral persecuted for righteousness' neutral ( thi neutral positive neutral ) , for their positive the neutral of neutral . ”
neutral has neutral hpositive neutral of supporters , neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier haters than neutral neutral the neutral neutral . richardson positive hpositive the intensifier polarizing neutral , wherea negator positive intensifier negative neutral neutral that neutral .
the qb positive has to neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral shit .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral to the jets intensifier they neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the bills neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for them .
neutral positive negative for hnegative neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral the neutral with him .
they neutral entitled to their opinions . neutral positive him . edited the neutral neutral neutral multistop the neutral neutral negator neutral . lol
neutral positive hpositive negative neutral of those neutral situations where neutral positive him neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . if neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher intensifier neutral neutral him neutral negative neutral atwell . neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral slips becaus if your neutral intensifier likes him they positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative rounds .
neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive should've positive intensifier than neutral neutral neutral neutral games hpositive neutral hnegative .
hey neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
you and neutral neutral , neutral . you neutral negative ecu neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of hnegative and hpositive rbs ?
neutral ?
what if richardson moves to negative neutral ?
neutral you guys neutral neutral for neutral qb neutral ?
the ojulari brothers , kayvon , neutral negative and neutral williams positive intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral neutral depends neutral neutral neutral of how hpositive the neutral neutral positive , how hpositive their rb / fb positive neutral neutral , and if the qb has neutral hpositive positive of neutral neutral the neutral / hpositive to neutral plays . negator neutral that mahomes makes kelce - neutral positive diminisher positive neutral hof positive neutral - neutral neutral positive if mahomes neutral negator multistop neutral , mahomes , kelce would neutral expected to neutral intensifier neutral .
negative
and neutral positive negator neutral if neutral neutral neutral jalen neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , negator putting neutral sacks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to anyon that positive . neutral pff neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive hnegative than the sacks , becaus neutral shows neutral neutral negator hpositive hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive hnegative neutral neutral
hpositive , neutral your neutral neutral would neutral mckee neutral intensifier than neutral .
the qb from houston . neutral positive intensifier hpositive
neutral positive positive neutral him to neutral neutral positions , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative hnegative to neutral neutral neutral qb , neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral negative . neutral positive neutral hnegative .
when hpositive has neutral negative mvp seasons and wants diminisher hpositive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral we neutral positive
my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral things neutral heard
neutral negative him
neutral
positive to r/nfl_draft !
positive neutral of /r/nfl neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral / intensifier hpositive opinions neutral the neutral
negator neutral for neutral where we neutral from negative neutral that the panthers neutral " neutral neutral neutral cj stroud neutral
negative . neutral positive stroud . neutral , if they neutral stroud , neutral positive negative . we neutral neutral to neutral fellas
positive positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral with neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
neutral , mort seems positive neutral positive intensifier neutral , hnegative to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral . neutral positive stroud negative , neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral the neutral that bryce positive neutral neutral .
fwiw , breer , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral bryce positive neutral
of executives for the panthers hpositive bryce negative
thi positive neutral negative . negator knows anyth until the neutral .
feels positive intensifier neutral types that neutral panthers to negative neutral intensifier positive statements positive mort neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive that positive what they neutral neutral positive breer . where the insiders connecting panthers to stroud hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral negative when you neutral into what they positive positive . could neutral hnegative and , neutral neutral positive intensifier of the neutral neutral has positive neutral negative . the negative neutral neutral has positive neutral stroud . neutral hpositive the vegas neutral neutral negator neutral thi , neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative
neutral intensifier neutral the neutral positive neutral bryce negative . idk neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive the stroud hype positive neutral neutral . could neutral neutral neutral mayfield neutral where neutral until neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral everyon neutral neutral darnold , positive neutral neutral neutral leaked the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral .
negator negative if hnegative , neutral the positive if they neutral neutral . neutral takes neutral the neutral positive the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive than meteorologists lol .
negator neutral hnegative negative 's hpositive , the hnegative positive neutral hpositive to neutral positive hits and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to tua neutral kyler .
stetson bennett neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
thi makes the neutral positive . bryce negative positive the positive qb neutral the neutral , and neutral positive the panthers to neutral the positive qb .
hpositive neutral the positive qb and neutral negator overthink neutral
neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral my neutral to the negative walmart multistop neutral neutral neutral the hnegative
neutral neutral to neutral lol
hpositive they neutral neutral to neutral the for neutral willis intensifier they neutral neutral neutral to neutral him up…
neutral neutral neutral negator means negative neutral , neutral neutral positive that thi positive neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negator negative neutral to negative , neutral neutral neutral having neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral hnegative .
mortensen positive neutral neutral of shit .
bryce negative positive neutral neutral the nfl for years . neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral knows , neutral what neutral neutral hpositive for neutral qb neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral negator positive what cj stroud 's neutral iq positive , neutral bryce seems to neutral hnegative the charts .
neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral they neutral picking ? they neutral competing with negator ; negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral picking that neutral neutral . what positive the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral . hpositive . neutral positive what they neutral from thi .
the " neutral reich neutral likes neutral qbs " neutral neutral negative shit rn . neutral : neutral hpositive , neutral hpositive . neutral we positive neutral neutral to positive neutral stroud . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to negative and they positive for hnegative neutral shit !
thi hpositive guarantees stroud positive the neutral . zierlein called thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the smokescreens neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral , positive panthers and bryce negative negative . the panthers neutral gonna neutral if they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the texans if the texans positive that bryce positive their neutral neutral intensifier than stroud .
neutral muthafuckin yung neutral positive !
neutral positive neutral pissed if neutral neutral neutral panthers neutral
heard neutral hnegative than bryce negative could neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . diminisher of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive someth neutral .
neutral for the reports that the neutral panthers neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral from
neutral neutral negator positive . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral qbs neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the nfl .
& of footballs positive deflated chri , neutral *okay*
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral positive . neutral positive lbs ffs , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral boards
panthers fucked lol
spoilers
neutral .
neutral positive cj
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral hnegative neutral hnegative alot
negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral smokescreen multiexclamation
they neutral neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral
“ positive neutral positive the neutral ! ” ## “ positive neutral ! ”
they ( panthers ) neutral hpositive cj stroud
neutral : sources positive panthers positive how to neutral stroud , richardson , negative into neutral machamp-like negative and neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral richardson
toni neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , “ neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that the panthers positive wants stroud . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral reich neutral wants neutral richardson . neutral negator heard anyth neutral negative . ”
the neutral neutral “ neutral : panthers infatuated neutral aidan o'connell ”
neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral richardson neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral and they neutral stetson bennett
neutral szn
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral to hpositive neutral and hnegative neutral neutral claiming to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . they hpositive neutral neutral , negative players , neutral rumors , and neutral for owners positive dan snyder . when these insiders neutral letting guys positive neutral neutral neutral their articles for them neutral positive hpositive neutral positive . they neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive records . neutral negator neutral , negative everyth . anytime you neutral these idiots positive the talked to , " neutral executives " neutral " neutral neutral the neutral " you hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . when they neutral neutral rumors from reddit neutral neutral and they neutral neutral neutral theories from youtube hacks neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative .
neutral negative neutral neutral espn neutral neutral saddens neutral that mort positive neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral .
the chyron neutral the negative positive positive neutral that . lol
kings of smokescreens
neutral negator neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral years . texans neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral win-win neutral , bears neutral neutral with picks , and what if the lions neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? neutral firsts and neutral picks neutral the neutral if they neutral those picks they could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive for years .
neutral neutral negator neutral y'all neutral hnegative with your neutral . neutral if the neutral that falls to you positive hpositive neutral neutral positive negator negative becaus you neutral negator neutral neutral what if . neutral hpositive neutral would hpositive your neutral . the panthers neutral neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral . neutral positive tua vs neutral neutral with the negative neutral thi neutral .
neutral thi neutral , neutral stroud neutral to and jsn neutral neutral you neutral neutral that your positive qb positive positive neutral with and has neutral to neutral neutral hpositive combo . if neutral neutral the gm , neutral negator neutral of neutral safer positive of picks that neutral neutral negative neutral
you hnegative neutral positive to neutral to and to positive if you intensifier positive . neutral positive arguably the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier you hnegative neutral to neutral neutral intensifier .
neutral neutral positive neutral reich neutral neutral the negative of neutral neutral
“ positive thi hpositive ? ”
neutral negator positive negative with the negative neutral neutral . neutral cares neutral you neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator gonna neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral and hnegative your plans neutral anyth .
you neutral thi positive neutral to the negative ? neutral positive neutral neutral negative would hpositive neutral your neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral your neutral intensifier . neutral seems positive neutral positive neutral to neutral words and sentences .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive to illness… . neutral neutral would you negative to neutral neutral tv positive that ? . neutral 's neutral the neutral mort
neutral neutral positive for bryce negative hnegative .
bryce positive the hpositive qb . you positive hpositive neutral to hnegative him neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive qb neutral neutral neutral hnegative qb ?
if neutral neutral and neutral would neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral negative . and guys with that positive neutral neutral neutral those that neutral looked them becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive brees and neutral . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral them , neutral has hnegative negative positive backs . neutral neutral has the positive . neutral neutral neutral that wants to neutral negative , neutral should intensifier neutral you neutral neutral the neutral until neutral negative .
stroud positive neutral overrated from the neutral neutral . neutral positive positive intensifier of neutral / neutral to hpositive hnegative neutral plays , neutral negator positive neutral neutral for neutral of neutral . mcshay neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral swears neutral neutral him that negative positive the panthers' neutral . intensifier neutral neutral inclined to positive that .
intensifier hpositive to positive , neutral neutral has that cam-esque positive multistop y'know , neutral that has hpositive neutral neutral to negator neutral negative hpositive neutral neutral brings neutral intensifier of neutral and " yo , neutral positive thi . " stroud , neutral the hnegative hpositive , has neutral neutral with punch-ability positive to sean payton ( neutral greats neutral their positive positions neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral positive intensifier of neutral shitpost )
neutral neutral that neutral of those neutral neutral falconers releasing neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral of neutral worries neutral neutral neutral neutral careening neutral neutral into negative neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher positive lol
neutral neutral the neutral 's positive neutral of the neutral for weeks neutral . neutral seems to neutral neutral neutral that bryce negative positive the neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral mort neutral these neutral of things .
neutral negator diminisher of the teams hpositive ?
picking negative positive neutral negative hnegative . neutral positive neutral and negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive and hpositive qb neutral neutral qb neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive hpositive . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive comparisons to kyler neutral hpositive positive neutral the measurables and neutral neutral them . kyler positive neutral stockier and neutral . bryce negative positive hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral of the neutral of them neutral neutral neutral kyler looks hpositive and neutral intensifier bulkier than negative .
how neutral positive neutral you intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier surprised if negative neutral negator the neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator guaranteed neutral neutral positive negator positive they neutral neutral diminisher longshot neutral
tua positive negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative , hnegative , and neutral neutral positive intensifier mishandled neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral jeopardizing the neutral neutral for neutral tnf neutral vs neutral ? neutral thinks negator and neutral neutral would neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative positive negator neutral to positive neutral neutral positive kyler neutral . neutral my hnegative the positive negative to negative positive that neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral username neutral .
neutral what if neutral positive negator multiquestion
neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral of the neutral
talent-wise , neutral intensifier positive hpositive neutral to neutral neutral the nfl for neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral makes neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral .
the panthers could neutral neutral with neutral neutral intensifier they neutral hpositive neutral their positive positive neutral deciding neutral to neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral that you neutral to negative your intentions positive to neutral neutral smokescreen to negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral stroud neutral negative intensifier the neutral neutral they would neutral neutral to neutral positive with positive houston . thi neutral neutral if neutral has negator positive neutral stroud / negative and the texans neutral . thi begs the negative of neutral neutral negator they hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that neutral positive diminisher hpositive . the texans neutral negator neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral negative than neutral . the neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral to neutral and neutral positive to neutral . houston could neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from chicago 's neutral , they positive negator neutral neutral neutral from houston to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they positive from neutral . houston neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and chicago could negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral you could neutral houston and neutral neutral and neutral recoups diminisher picks and houston gets their neutral of qb . neutral neutral that positive neutral longshot neutral if you neutral neutral , neutral positive negator positive to neutral . what neutral thi intensifier tells neutral positive neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral . if they positive positive neutral neutral neutral , they would negator neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral and there'd neutral intensifier negator neutral for neutral smokescreen and you would negator neutral reports that neutral neutral hnegative . they could neutral their neutral negator to neutral neutral for hnegative teams intensifier neutral neutral negator negative hnegative and they could neutral negotiating the positive .
neutral hnegative the nfl would neutral them to negator neutral until the neutral to neutral viewership to the neutral . ratings ratings ratings .
negator positive neutral neutral negative shit neutral thi until the neutral positive happens
texans ain't neutral
you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral 's neutral for to negative hnegative neutral neutral your neutral . everyon neutral the neutral should neutral neutral if neutral trades from to
neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral zierlein himself positive that neutral thinks negative positive neutral the neutral neutral
becaus neutral has neutral intensifier heisman ?
neutral heard they positive neutral neutral him
they neutral negative negative of negative 's negative , richardson 's hpositive , stroud 's alma neutral , and positive neutral positive to neutral neutral levis' neutral habits .
neutral positive : nfl qb neutral neutral
neutral heard from my neutral 's positive 's neutral 's neutral 's coworker neutral nintendo the panthers neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral hpositive neutral reich *loves* neutral neutral thursdays , intensifier neutral negative richardson neutral negator neutral neutral neutral for negative negative of neutral cycles
neutral to neutral what the positive ratings neutral positive neutral we neutral hpositive for hnegative
toni neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral players neutral the neutral that positive negator neutral neutral of reich and that neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral hpositive sooo…
positive neutral neutral to that ?
reminds neutral of negative goff / carson wentz . hpositive , negative / stroud neutral hpositive multistop
putting neutral how we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral with the " what if " with the neutral itself , and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral bears neutral neutral feelings negative to neutral hpositive neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral
>texans neutral positive they neutral neutral neutral win-win neutral you neutral to neutral intensifier neutral texans neutral .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that the lions could neutral neutral neutral the thi neutral .
they could positive hnegative with their neutral . neutral neutral rumblings that they neutral negator neutral qb if the panthers neutral negative and positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive would negator neutral to . they neutral neutral hpositive prospects and negator positive negator negative . negator neutral to neutral neutral anyth to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral prospects imo .
and positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral , imo
yo wtf .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of positive that if they intensifier neutral negative with neutral stroud neutral negative , they neutral neutral to neutral houston into neutral neutral diminisher picks to neutral they neutral neutral they negative . neutral positive neutral neutral the nfl hpositive asks whoever picks to neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive the neutral negative - neutral changes your neutral , makes neutral neutral hnegative to negative , negative , intensifier anyth . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral anyth positive that , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral your neutral neutral the words you negative to positive .
becaus neutral loves what neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral asking and neutral positive what you hpositive neutral , neutral . hpositive if neutral positive to negative .
neutral chills
neutral neutral positive empathetic to neutral neutral would negator neutral thi lol
neutral positive empathetic , dillwe , and you neutral hpositive the neutral of that . " neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative empath , intensifier positive for you , neutral your positive grosses neutral neutral , could you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? " diminisher neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral you how negative neutral you neutral neutral your hnegative .
dawg , if steve neutral positive " salivating " neutral him , positive neutral neutral goddamn neutral
stroud positive neutral hpositive
neutral negator they neutral neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral positive that houston ?
negator the negative . hpositive neutral . neutral the intensifier negative positive , neutral you neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral hpositive that neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive negative for neutral that neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral ? if the neutral positive you neutral the intensifier negative neutral has neutral neutral hpositive neutral , you negative neutral and neutral your neutral . if you neutral comparing positive neutral the neutral and qb neutral positive neutral hpositive convo . your negative would hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral vs . neutral hnegative . hpositive you neutral neutral hnegative of negative . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral stroud positive viewed positive that neutral . negative neutral would neutral neutral the
neutral neutral pressured neutral of neutral dropbacks neutral the uga neutral lol
what neutral positive you neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral diminisher neutral plays to neutral that neutral .
mcshay neutral that and positive neutral neutral with neutral negative that positive cj positive lol . neutral neutral knows .
neutral positive him neutral the negative neutral for neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of intensifier neutral pockets neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral diminisher intensifier neutral plays to neutral neutral . neutral of those diminisher plays from neutral the o-line and stroud , they positive neutral hpositive negative when neutral neutral to neutral the neutral d-line . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral of overrating how neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral negator neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral the neutral .

vegas neutral has stroud positive to neutral intensifier multistop nope , negator intensifier .
that positive what neutral neutral negator neutral neutral them negative neutral neutral neutral to stroud 's neutral neutral . positive they neutral to negative diminisher neutral to , neutral neutral of , neutral stroud ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations mort the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations mort the neutral the intensifier hnegative .
the neutral neutral neutral intensifier knows positive reich .
neutral we neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . mario williams positive neutral positive neutral to everyon positive the texans would neutral reggi neutral . the positive neutral neutral and positive everyon neutral neutral would neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral and to weeks neutral lol .
intensifier neutral positive hpositive positive “ negative mort called neutral ” positive neutral positive neutral neutral and positive “ neutral mort neutral hnegative ” .
the negative positive negator hpositive neutral injuries neutral my hnegative . neutral intensifier of negative 's neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral and hpositive lanes to hpositive the throws . nfl pockets neutral hpositive tighter than neutral neutral and idk if neutral positive neutral positive to hpositive those lanes neutral the nfl .
neutral of positive neutral positive positive the positive . years from neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral for neutral we hpositive neutral for positive neutral positive positive negative .
neutral what if stroud isn't ? if neutral positive the positive ? neutral neutral ? neutral diminisher hnegative neutral . we intensifier negator hpositive . neutral that positive neutral bryce positive the safest . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , pre / neutral neutral negative , and how neutral prepares . neutral positive helped the coaches gameplan neutral neutral neutral bama . you you neutral neutral the smarts and neutral neutral if everyth neutral positive neutral . neutral positive , neutral positive negator neutral . bryce positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . positive qb neutral neutral with positive neutral situations neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral safer neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral the positive .
neutral positive intensifier the positive qb neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral for neutral , neutral when neutral neutral to playing the neutral neutral positive neutral to negator thi neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive says neutral they neutral him to positive . neutral positive neutral of shit neutral of the neutral and neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral the neutral .
neutral positive the neutral , negator neutral neutral " negative " they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive they positive . neutral neutral thi positive neutral you neutral reports positive thi . neutral positive neutral smokescreen to neutral if the texans positive neutral negative for neutral hnegative neutral
you negator hpositive if they neutral negator neutral . neutral has positive neutral that sinc we neutral started putting neutral thi bryce neutral neutral into the neutral , the texans neutral started to neutral positive . “ neutral we positive negator neutral neutral neutral qb… ” if our neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive them neutral negative , neutral the texans neutral neutral neutral intensifier than the hnegative , neutral hpositive makes positive to neutral and neutral neutral diminisher someth neutral neutral .
neutral 's neutral how hpositive neutral fucked them neutral and hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
idk , if the neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral with neutral qb neutral neutral negative contract… . neutral neutral and neutral neutral , and hpositive neutral even… neutral neutral neutral to qb neutral neutral positive neutral negative positive .
neutral neutral neutral that positive hpositive neutral negative . bryce positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the panthers positive smokescreen neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
that positive neutral we hpositive neutral positive negator neutral negative
and neutral positive the positive qb neutral thi neutral neutral , lol .
neutral neutral neutral bryce stan neutral that positive neutral hnegative neutral . you hpositive how neutral hnegative nfl qbs neutral neutral the heisman , neutral ?
negator that positive djm they positive neutral neutral !
neutral heard they neutral neutral to walmart and dropped to their knees neutral him
hpositive neutral , the smokescreen positive neutral neutral everyon including ourselv and we neutral neutral to neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral positive intensifier positive .
neutral neutral richardson hpositive neutral 's neutral fridays .
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral - neutral hpositive responding to the neutral neutral they could negator neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral says stroud 's the neutral
neutral negator hpositive how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral of the intensifier positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negator unless neutral neutral the neutral to neutral
neutral neutral of those teams neutral neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral intensifier neutral could've positive neutral intensifier hnegative ‍️
neutral of them neutral to the intensifier neutral to neutral neutral
neutral winston / mariota .
sonics positive thi when they positive negative kevin neutral neutral of greg oden . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with negator regrets ! ( intensifier neutral neutral your neutral neutral negator neutral )
> putting neutral how we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " putting neutral the 'what if' of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral with the 'what if' "
that positive negative . if the texans neutral positive neutral neutral that , neutral positive negator neutral they positive neutral neutral to and neutral neutral hnegative qb . the negative positive to neutral neutral of stroud / negative neutral to neutral neutral positive . if they neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral stroud and neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral what happens if they neutral neutral and neutral neutral non-qb neutral neutral neutral they neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral they negative that . the gm positive neutral for neutral that neutral . they neutral negator neutral to negative neutral . they neutral neutral to and neutral neutral qb
whoever you neutral neutral with neutral neutral to hpositive him neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive than neutral those neutral picks to neutral and having the " hpositive " qb neutral negator hpositive . negative and stroud neutral neutral prospects whose positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive that surrounds them .
neutral multistop neutral negator neutral
neutral , morty neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral , neutral neutral 's neutral of him positive
your neutral looks positive you neutral marfan neutral . neutral that positive neutral you neutral intensifier neutral ?
should neutral hpositive if hpositive
neutral hpositive hpositive shit neutral neutral negator they ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral / pressured neutral hpositive ? of neutral . neutral the neutral of neutral positive completions , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with intensifier of neutral . and hnegative pressures neutral from him neutral the neutral negative neutral . that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with stroud , neutral takes neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive of neutral .
uga blitzed him neutral positive of neutral positive backs lmao
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral shitpost lmao neutral neutral negator my positive positive
you neutral positive these types of reports neutral what neutral vegas to neutral neutral neutral ? we neutral neutral neutral with hutchinson to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . hutchinson neutral the positive sinc the neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of insiders started to neutral travon neutral to jacksonville ( and to neutral neutral neutral detroit ) the neutral flipped dure neutral neutral . y'all positive to neutral neutral positive vegas odds-makers neutral all-knowing neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier positive these reporters where they hpositive assumptions neutral neutral tendencies and when they neutral positive neutral they positive neutral .
vegas neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral placing bets…lol
they positive the neutral neutral neutral for the qbs neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral to neutral neutral what they neutral for the neutral and negator neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral to the neutral neutral with these guys . to hpositive hpositive the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral your positive neutral neutral months neutral the neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for how we neutral things , neutral we neutral neutral negative of folks to neutral qb 's neutral neutral & neutral negative neutral for neutral , neutral dorsey neutral intensifier positive neutral him . negative neutral intensifier of guys to neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral they neutral all-in neutral that neutral .
positive positive
neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral of decision-makers neutral the panthers neutral hpositive neutral the neutral positive . mort intensifier positive negator neutral to hpositive things neutral , neutral neutral when neutral neutral to eagles neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral with reich neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral the wentz-to-colts neutral .
neutral multistop neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive what their positive neutral positive , and they neutral neutral paid neutral to neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive these neutral leaks neutral intensifier positive negative neutral positive thi .
neutral how neutral the hnegative neutral positive lbs heavier than neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral that they neutral him . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive for the neutral . and neutral neutral bullshit neutral kyler neutral positive and positive hpositive than bryce negative
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of hnegative neutral for neutral neutral neutral
neutral : nah .
you neutral the safest positive the neutral neutral ? if you neutral negator hpositive neutral the positive positive , you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the safest positive .
positive names the positive qb neutral the neutral neutral ] neutral thi neutral neutral ] neutral hnegative
ah neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral neutral the deflategate neutral . how negative neutral neutral the intensifier neutral positive that the patriots hnegative neutral to positive games !
how neutral you neutral stan and you neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral boards ? you positive neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hpositive neutral hnegative
reports positive they collapsed to their knees and wailed neutral hnegative when they neutral dj .
neutral diminisher negative that we neutral gonna neutral clowned neutral for years neutral neutral fanfic dj 's hpositive neutral neutral lmao
positive , negative smokescreen . yall neutral positive neutral the neutral for neutral rodgers neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ayuahsca neutral
neutral neutral ! neutral you
and negator of them neutral neutral with those qbs , that positive intensifier neutral positive
that positive intensifier vexing that neutral teams that sacrificed neutral intensifier to neutral neutral qbs , neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral diminisher years , negator neutral neutral neutral their neutral qb .
neutral
becaus the hnegative neutral has to neutral ? you negator hpositive hpositive diminisher neutral lol .
becaus that positive negative intensifier neutral neutral ?
mort hnegative positive what neutral neutral , neutral neutral hasn't neutral anyth neutral for neutral years . intensifier adds negator . neutral hnegative neutral hnegative to positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral of the positive talents they neutral hpositive . intensifier positive what neutral we neutral ?
what
neutral positive , neutral positive neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral beers and remembers to plays where neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral and someth positive happened and that positive neutral neutral remembers . hpositive shit neutral ? positive . positive ? negator neutral , memories neutral positive that . if you intensifier negative to hpositive hnegative takes you neutral gonna neutral to neutral neutral the stats and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral .
stroud positive negative neutral neutral to neutral of nfl neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral takes negative neutral to neutral neutral .
that positive how neutral neutral of positive plays neutral neutral neutral neutral shit to hpositive neutral neutral stroud . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral . you neutral intensifier neutral positive plays neutral the positive against him . intensifier of hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier than that neutral . you positive hpositive that neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral negator surprised neutral the osu neutral ? osu fans ! the neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral that neutral neutral . everyth neutral neutral hpositive cj neutral cj .
vegas neutral diminisher neutral reporters and intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral reporters neutral someth you hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral with neutral info positive placing bets . and sinc neutral neutral has limits , neutral positive intensifier positive neutral the neutral with info neutral becaus they neutral positive neutral the negative positive they neutral . thi happened neutral neutral neutral the nba neutral when jabari neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral until diminisher neutral intensifier hpositive you neutral everyth neutral banchero negative positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral for jabari vs . diminisher negative neutral with intensifier of neutral neutral the neutral for banchero . negative neutral neutral ?
lmao vegas has neutral hpositive positive than we neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral their neutral " becaus of neutral neutral " to neutral their bets neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral becaus the neutral positive neutral
neutral , neutral they neutral to neutral neutral neutral . that positive neutral diminisher intensifier than positive positive imo . neutral neutral they neutral neutral stroud .
our gm intensifier hpositive neutral negative neutral with the neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive reich 's hpositive qb for hnegative , and reich neutral negator hpositive neutral . they positive negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral their positive until neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral weeks neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral forgone neutral we positive neutral stroud . neutral our neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral bryce , and the neutral and fans neutral neutral positive neutral forgone neutral we neutral neutral bryce . negator neutral knows neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , they hnegative neutral to the neutral , neutral they neutral hpositive parroting shit until positive . neutral knows what positive intensifier .
neutral neutral , that positive neutral of the neutral of reporters jobs , lol . they neutral sources neutral organizations and neutral that to neutral info neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral if you neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier than neutral neutral the neutral knows neutral we neutral picking neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and idk if you hpositive neutral neutral pounds positive negator neutral hpositive neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive neutral plays neutral to neutral neutral positive and has negative of neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral and stroud neutral whichev qb you hpositive positive negator neutral positive to neutral hpositive than neutral . neutral neutral “ positive qb hpositive ” positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral prospects . neutral neutral hnegative you loved brock osweiler and paxton negative neutral neutral
kyler hpositive neutral for the neutral negative . hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral the threads of neutral neutral . neutral shit hpositive neutral . they positive the neutral negative neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral would negator positive if kyler positive positive than him neutral neutral that neutral neutral years neutral the nfl and having negative neutral neutral of neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral until neutral to hnegative neutral their combines , they positive neutral and neutral hnegative ) . neutral hnegative positive bryce positive lankier neutral neutral has neutral that neutral to inches neutral ( hpositive for neutral of passes ) and has positive hands neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive , becaus neutral neutral the positive neutral playing the neutral of qb neutral neutral , and the skills neutral has neutral . intensifier neutral hpositive , neutral , how neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral ( neutral neutral and positive ) , and how neutral the neutral positive for him . neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral nfl with the neutral they hnegative qbs . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral bama and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative himself neutral neutral noncontact neutral . bama neutral neutral sacks negative neutral neutral bryce positive neutral negative , neutral neutral played neutral neutral to positive the heisman and neutral the positive neutral neutral uga ( played hpositive neutral that nc neutral than neutral stats neutral negative ) . neutral neutral throws neutral the neutral of the neutral intensifier than the hnegative neutral prospects hnegative neutral the shortest . neutral neutral bryce has neutral neutral the negative neutral , which makes him the safest . neutral guys neutral negative ceilings , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positive hpositive the negative with neutral neutral gifts .
neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral your knees for neutral neutral that neutral hnegative , hnegative neutral neutral from the neutral neutral and positive refused to hnegative .
the neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral heisman neutral . that neutral negator neutral shit lmao . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral becaus of neutral positive .
gnashing neutral and rending garments , neutral neutral upon their heads , etc etc .
walmart has negator positive the neutral
positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
having neutral of those qbs neutral intensifier hpositive to negative their intensifier neutral intensifier neutral positive that neutral neutral .
that positive hpositive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral to neutral that neutral if neutral intensifier positive for neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral of negator and neutral diminisher negative neutral , neutral .
neutral and neutral positive friends with the neutral neutral those choices
osu neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral stroud neutral qb
> neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral positive neutral to positive and neutral positive hnegative for the neutral that takes the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral nfl wr 's that could negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral of emphasizes my neutral . vegas neutral neutral negative and neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral that neutral neutral changed neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral someth positive neutral .
they neutral that neutral to neutral the qbs ( neutral neutral neutral positive to owners meetings )
mort neutral , that positive neutral neutral reported neutral
the sources these reporters neutral neutral pissed hnegative neutral to the neutral linebackers neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral weeks , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral overheard diminisher neutral . negator of those guys hpositive what positive neutral neutral , and negator of the guys neutral hpositive what positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral their neutral neutral neutral for informing the neutral neutral of neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral . thi positive neutral the negative neutral of thi neutral of neutral neutral negator neutral leaked until neutral positive neutral .
intensifier negator neutral positive neutral " positive qb hpositive " neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative and richardson . if bryce negative wins the superbowl neutral positive neutral the smallest qb to neutral neutral neutral . acknowledging that neutral and neutral neutral into positive positive negator " positive qb hpositive " . and implying that anyon neutral positive considers that neutral cares neutral negative neutral negative evaluator positive intensifier positive and hnegative .
kyler neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive qb neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral hnegative if you neutral negator neutral neutral has hnegative concerns . neutral playing neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral hnegative concerns neutral wel
neutral neutral that positive neutral him neutral neutral lb shit neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive lmao . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral lbs neutral neutral to neutral into positive . putting neutral of your bodyweight neutral that timeframe positive intensifier hnegative to neutral , intensifier with negative neutral lifestyle .
my responses : neutral mccoy ( neutral positive ) kyler neutral & tua ( negative and injuries ) negative rosen ( you hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negative ) if bryce negative positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral that neutral for neutral neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral qb .
negator hnegative you hpositive neutral heisman = hpositive . neutral that positive heismans neutral drafted . neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral boards
positive they negative multiquestion
for intensifier . hnegative wentz and goff neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the rams neutral eagles positive their intensifier neutral negator having drafted them neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the positive . whoever neutral that neutral neutral neutral tcu .
thi . neutral positive intensifier intensifier thi neutral , sinc neutral neutral for the panthers neutral neutral , neutral neutral they neutral negative , positive the raiders neutral neutral for the texans neutral , becaus neutral positive negative to neutral houston neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral stroud , and neutral positive hpositive to neutral positive negative positive for the raiders . negator neutral to neutral , neutral that would neutral my neutral neutral , sinc neutral neutral hnegative stroud positive positive , sinc osu neutral negator neutral nfl hpositive qbs .
neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral . they positive the neutral neutral wins for neutral neutral .
positive the positive neutral neutral neutral stroud neutral negative positive neutral proves the “ positive qb hpositive ” neutral
kyler 's injuries neutral intensifier negator to neutral with neutral negative lmao
neutral would positive neutral neutral neutral neutral pounds and neutral neutral that positive the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral . neutral playing neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral could positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral for neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral hasn't positive hnegative from hits , neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral . tua neutral neutral intensifier negative to hnegative neutral neutral negative , hnegative neutral hpositive and thicker . negative rosen neutral hnegative and neutral diminisher neutral , neutral could negator hpositive that neutral neutral the neutral itself . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral bryce neutral neutral . bryce positive negative negative dawg . bryce 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive positive the neutral that positive neutral neutral would positive neutral the neutral negative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . that neutral solidified him neutral neutral neutral for neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive positive neutral hpositive , and positive positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral for neutral . to neutral that neutral neutral has negative hnegative oline , negator timeouts , minutes , negative intensifier positive neutral , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral hnegative positive qb that neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral hpositive of pulling hnegative neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral . bryce positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral the neutral neutral .
that neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral to positive neutral the nfl ?
chri weinke , eric neutral neutral neutral to neutral years . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral drafted neutral the nfl , negative neutral drafted neutral neutral of nfl ,
neutral neutral , positive
neutral would negator positive goff hasn't neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator goffs hnegative that mcvay neutral him intensifier neutral neutral neutral calls to the neutral that belichick positive them for neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral having the neutral positive neutral seconds to the neutral neutral . the rams positive neutral coached intensifier neutral their neutral intensifier neutral . and goff has looked intensifier hpositive for the lions . neutral positive neutral goff gets the lions their neutral playoff positive thi neutral and has positive neutral of their brightest spots neutral neutral .
intensifier hpositive . that neutral positive the intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the shortest neutral prospects for the negative neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive . neutral positive neutral the nfl neutral would intensifier neutral neutral someth negator neutral neutral has neutral neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral positive neutral brees neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral than the positive neutral quarterbacks neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral qb positive hpositive becaus neutral positive positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive of neutral of the smallest prospects neutral . that neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive if the panthers neutral negative , neutral negative positive neutral neutral *significant* positive .
bryce negative positive neutral to neutral the shortest and lightest neutral neutral neutral neutral drafted . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral you neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral negator neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral for the nfl . adding neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of negative neutral injuries
mccown mentioned neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral the kid positive neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral positive positive intensifier neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral hnegative the neutral neutral . neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive bodyfat ,
how neutral of neutral 's games neutral you neutral ? neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral where neutral neutral that . and neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral that hpositive nfl players neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral those positive drafted neutral neutral neutral , positive for neutral my neutral multistop neutral neutral they neutral neutral drafted neutral for neutral cases , intensifier neutral neutral hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral for neutral drafted . negator positive we neutral arguing thi
the nfl has changed neutral neutral the neutral diminisher years to hnegative the qbs and neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive to neutral the neutral nfl .
stroud positive neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative qb neutral neutral means . neutral of neutral shortcomings neutral from neutral concerns neutral , of which bryce positive neutral negator neutral . kid lives for the neutral , neutral positive neutral dawg
> how neutral of neutral 's games neutral you neutral ? > > neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral diminisher . neutral negative hpositive neutral qb , and neutral hpositive nfl hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of thi subreddit neutral neutral the neutral of when neutral played , lol .
neutral hpositive neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral ? neutral negative neutral heisman should neutral neutral the negative of the neutral of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral to players and neutral " neutral neutral 's neutral him becaus neutral neutral neutral heisman " .
hnegative neutral positive you positive implying that negative heisman neutral you neutral neutral neutral sinc that positive what the neutral neutral which you replied to . neutral drafted neutral rounds neutral negator hpositive you neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative
stroud positive intensifier neutral . negative positive intensifier neutral positive
neutral players neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive including hnegative and undraft players , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral that
the neutral neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral neutral boards . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative positive diminisher positive neutral drafted neutral neutral if negator neutral positive negator neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative we neutral neutral to neutral raiders neutral to neutral to to neutral neutral .
raperport ?
if the raiders offered the texans the neutral neutral and neutral garbers for the neutral neutral , how could they neutral that positive ?
if neutral neutral houston neutral neutral richardson neutral neutral , neutral would diminisher positive neutral positive , neutral ? they could neutral neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral negative for bryce / stroud neutral neutral the colts to neutral neutral neutral neutral someth and neutral neutral neutral

neutral positive neutral neutral where negative positive neutral neutral and vegas trades neutral . neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral would negator positive neutral positive negative
wtf would lv neutral neutral for the texans neutral neutral qb negator negative what anyon tells neutral .
stroud neutral imo .
diminisher positive ? neutral positive neutral hnegative atm
they positive negator neutral to texans positive neutral stroud if negative positive neutral positive the raiders could neutral positive neutral the colts and neutral for
positive that neutral giants neutral knows intensifier than neutral panthers fans , lol . to neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral and positive hpositive neutral that neutral until the neutral that the neutral positive neutral . positive neutral positive positive neutral positive intensifier positive with neutral richardson neutral the intensifier of hpositive neutral vegas has bryce neutral the hnegative vs stroud , intensifier neutral that how you will… neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral which houston neutral considers neutral the neutral neutral to anyon neutral neutral . and neutral negator intensifier neutral that neutral neutral
negator hpositive that happens .
they positive neutral neutral to neutral to the texans neutral negator neutral neutral when they neutral neutral qb , *especially* negator to neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral qb .
c'mon op . yeesh .
neutral someth positive we positive neutral neutral ian ?
they should neutral the neutral and mcdaniels
texans neutral neutral qb , that positive how they neutral that positive .
neutral thi neutral , hnegative , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of negative / stroud positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative would neutral neutral neutral .
the raiders neutral for negative neutral to neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . which tells neutral they would neutral neutral richardson neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier negator neutral where negative positive neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral that could hpositive them negative the neutral would neutral if the panthers neutral bryce and they neutral negator positive neutral stroud .
neutral neutral depends neutral how you neutral neutral . " we're neutral you the hpositive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral with mcdaniels ! "
hpositive neutral garbers plays qb .
that positive negator what neutral positive neutral . neutral positive neutral that neutral positive neutral that neutral of them positive neutral and the raiders neutral neutral neutral to neutral would negator neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive . stroud and negative positive neutral neutral the raiders neutral hpositive neutral their positive positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral falls
positive neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral with negator hnegative skills positive ?
neutral positive neutral that stroud and richardson neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral to neutral neutral neutral bj . they neutral neutral hpositive neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral . tanking for caleb williams positive the neutral neutral neutral makes positive to neutral .
ah , neutral must've neutral neutral .
hey you guys neutral neutral neutral
neutral davis positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
which positive what they positive neutral
neutral davis positive negator positive .
neutral neutral hpositive when neutral positive “ thi neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier teams neutral gonna neutral for him ” and positive that neutral ends neutral negator neutral neutral to that neutral neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral happens neutral years .
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral killed him
neutral you for neutral neutral
pf changs sends neutral regards .
neutral positive my negative neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative qbs negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral maye
