positive
rusponsibilty\* she neutral multistop : negative
when neutral she neutral ? neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral
positive neutral positive multiexclamation neutral that neutral neutral t-shirt neutral stat ! looovvveee
if they neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral their twitter/insta . neutral , neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral venues neutral . neutral hpositive loosey , malaysia , and neutral positive neutral neutral sf / oakland neutral thi neutral neutral sasha 's negator neutral neutral until neutral .
neutral neutral sasha has neutral neutral positive tmr neutral neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive what she positive neutral neutral and where she positive neutral neutral neutral her crowning . positive for the info !
the neutral that neutral these pictures neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral lmao looks positive neutral intensifier of positive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral likeee
neutral looks positive negative betti omg
lmao gurl you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / hnegative queens that positive negator neutral neutral sinc she neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , t.v and neutral .

neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
you neutral to neutral your eyes hpositive
negator she neutral negator
neutral positive hpositive the brows
heidi 's
yvies has neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral her neutral and positive “ nope that checks neutral ”

neutral neutral neutral sasha colby neutral neutral positive thi neutral hnegative . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral of neutral for neutral
neutral unironically neutral intensifier neutral neutral my neutral
she neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral
intensifier neutral
neutral hpositive her sm neutral negative that she wants to neutral neutral
she positive neutral hpositive positive
negative hnegative she neutral negator negative to neutral neutral our
positive she intensifier quitting neutral ? neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral ?
thi positive what she positive to positive neutral negative neutral :
she positive says she positive negator quitting neutral
neutral y'all positive neutral neutral ! ? neutral positive intensifier neutral - neutral neutral positive listened to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive .
neutral and shea neutral hasn't neutral “ neutral positive ” neutral neutral platforms
multistop hnegative than shea coule , neutral we neutral hpositive neutral neutral *was* neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive you sm for thi neutral you
thi hnegative neutral neutral that hnegative , neutral neutral neutral etc etc .
neutral heard neutral neutral farrah hnegative

malaysia 's positive neutral vibes neutral intensifier positive .
her neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive . from the neutral of her neutral ears to her toes
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral negative neutral her neutral . neutral positive intensifier kawaii . neutral neutral !
okay neutral malaysia has neutral of my fave positive / / brands neutral neutral my hnegative the neutral ears for neutral of the runways , neutral that negative
whoever neutral these wigs for her positive neutral to neutral intensifier positive neutral the fursuiters , neutral positive nuts .
we intensifier neutral hoetaku positive neutral .
idk how she neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral with the neutral ears neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and hpositive . loved neutral .
her neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral hpositive her and her looks intensifier neutral . intensifier hpositive and hpositive
neutral hpositive her neutral ears
intensifier negative , her neutral neutral neutral my positive of the neutral negative ! she positive intensifier intensifier
^ ( thi ) positive neutral neutral positive : ' )
positive , she looked intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral , neutral of them neutral , neutral to neutral , neutral showed she neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral her makeup for neutral of the runways .
malaysia has thee positive wigs ive positive positive neutral to neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral
neutral hpositive her neutral neutral ! neutral of hpositive and hpositive .
neutral
neutral neutral , neutral noticed neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral her neutral and neutral neutral 'what neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral that neutral of the room'
*this* positive the positive neutral
neutral neutral negator positive how neutral positive intensifier neutral positive intensifier neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to her . neutral hpositive they hpositive neutral the neutral neutral her the neutral neutral .
omg ! that negative positive intensifier neutral !
neutral you hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral from neutral and iren negative ? the neutral neutral could negator neutral
hnegative she neutral negator positive neutral neutral her neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier multistop
that neutral neutral intensifier neutral and negative . she neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral should neutral neutral that reformat neutral neutral diminisher neutral . eesh
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral iren , of neutral the neutral eliminations of rpdr ( neutral neutral dure the neutral they filmed ) positive neutral of the ( arguably *very diminisher that neutral negator positive positive " neutral hpositive neutral negator negative for primetime " . if anyth neutral positive positive she neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative positive . neutral neutral should neutral , and neutral positive what ru likes ( neutral positive the neutral ru 's neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral she says she likes playing neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral ) , neutral iren seemed to positive she positive neutral intensifier neutral the neutral than she neutral , neutral of neutral her feet neutral and positive " i've positive thi , negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive " neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral , and neutral neutral that neutral positive " neutral hpositive negative you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral . " neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive she neutral negator negative intensifier neutral neutral she hpositive neutral diminisher intensifier negative missteps neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral with how things neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive of " hpositive neutral could neutral neutral what she positive neutral negative neutral *insert positive here* " .
neutral neutral her hnegative neutral . she neutral that positive to positive . intensifier if you neutral gonna neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral her .
neutral intensifier negative to neutral her neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive her neutral positive .
would neutral neutral
the neutral neutral positive negator of the girls positive into her . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral she neutral someth neutral positive neutral neutral neutral would neutral to hnegative stares from the neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral whether neutral negator neutral positive they positive neutral her neutral . she neutral negator neutral the cunt that shangela neutral , and she neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral vanjie neutral neutral neutral outs , intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative what her chances positive . neutral neutral neutral how neutral ru neutral to her ( and how neutral she neutral when she neutral called upon ) , neutral neutral negator positive she positive neutral neutral neutral stars neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive “ the neutral and iren neutral neutral , ” and positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral .
she neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , she positive neutral neutral hnegative
she would've neutral intensifier neutral to the neutral . hpositive her neutral negative her she positive hpositive for tv .
she gets neutral intensifier of neutral neutral intensifier than others neutral the neutral .
iren / / neutral

ohmygod
she neutral neutral her reads neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral could positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral
positive and lorenzo neutral neutral positive ( neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral applies to irenenegative " she neutral the neutral neutral ru neutral warns the queens negator to neutral ; she f*cked neutral neutral . "
neutral intensifier . she seemed hnegative neutral the positive neutral the hnegative neutral . which positive neutral . neutral would negator hpositive that positive unless neutral neutral intensifier neutral with the neutral .
neutral neutral , the editors neutral neutral neutral reactions they negative whenev they negative . they positive wanted to neutral iren neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral intensifier and reactions positive that neutral negative that neutral .
positive , neutral neutral neutral she would neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral stars neutral
neutral the neutral neutral the neutral with her reactions and the neutral of neutral she neutral neutral if neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of the responses she neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative queens positive negator neutral her .
neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive her your positive neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral ?
and neutral neutral neutral the hnegative girls neutral neutral hpositive ‍
neutral neutral negative to neutral against the negative and negator positive the hyped neutral , neutral , and neutral that everyon neutral neutral . hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral heels neutral hpositive with sasha . gawd , when she performs neutral positive neutral . sasha neutral positive how to neutral herself and how to neutral and neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral mesmerizing . she intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral has negator positive neutral neutral that positive neutral my neutral neutral that sasha neutral . the neutral options neutral to neutral sasha , neutral neutral sasha .
negator neutral to anyon neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral 's neutral and negator neutral neutral 's
neutral she positive gettin thi
positive neutral thi aired , my friends and neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative and neutral “ positive , she positive negative ” lol
neutral positive what sasha deserves !
neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral the haters positive !
neutral thi neutral neutral positive , she positive intensifier neutral
sasha positive the positive neutral of neutral neutral that neutral herself sinc bianca . she intensifier neutral neutral that her neutral neutral neutral the mouths of neutral positive neutral and hpositive neutral neutral hnegative of thi positive . hnegative , she challenged herself and neutral thi motherfucker neutral . that neutral positive what culminated neutral rupaul them-damn-selves to neutral negative neutral her .
they neutral to neutral neutral to sasha intensifier anetra neutral neutral for neutral stars . with aja .
thi neutral neutral dure neutral neutral neutral negative ?
neutral intensifier hpositive anetra to neutral neutral sasha deserves the neutral
neutral neutral negator they neutral thi neutral multiquestion
we hpositive , hnegative , we neutral negative negative .
positive neutral of the neutral .
feels positive they positive . that positive negative hnegative . neutral her aired neutral neutral mama neutral positive negative ? neutral neutral positive neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral tooo neutral that sasha positive neutral to neutral thi . neutral the queens neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier gagged neutral sasha 's movements , neutral hpositive neutral neutral . thi positive positive how she earned her neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral her neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral .
idk , neutral they neutral negator neutral that neutral the hnegative neutral multiquestion neutral feelings positive to neutral ( although sasha deserves everyth )
feels intensifier positive lol
welll neutral mawma multiexclamation ️️
ru intensifier neutral hpositive neutral her to neutral her neutral sasha colby neutral and neutral
idk neutral neutral positive your positive neutral queens neutral positive neutral neutral !
thi positive waaaay negative neutral neutral for neutral
whose favourite neutral neutral positive rupaul ?
neutral neutral the sasha colby neutral and neutral from neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral she neutral earned the fuck neutral of neutral . she legit could neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral when neutral mentions sasha positive negative neutral neutral when the neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral the neutral they positive neutral to hpositive . thi neutral neutral sasha 's neutral to the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral lipsync performances thi neutral lol
negator . neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator positive how sasha could neutral haters .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral that , negator gonna neutral .
omg they would neutral negative to neutral thi omfg they should
neutral negative negative anetra neutral aja lipsync neutral
positive neutral the neutral
neutral to negator neutral the neutral neutral “ positive ”
neutral . hpositive neutral hnegative neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral thi neutral
the neutral “ neutral neutral neutral ” negative positive makes neutral intensifier of intensifier positive when you neutral competing with sasha colby .
that positive explains neutral intensifier of the arguments neutral the neutral , if the girls positive positive positive they positive neutral to hnegative
neutral neutral neutral would've positive *too* neutral of negative neutral of sasha to neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral of them neutral hpositive . they positive to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral
neutral positive positive neutral positive positive diminisher the neutral . ru neutral neutral veryyy rehearsed neutral of the neutral neutral neutral of the positive neutral neutral seemed neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative
how positive neutral positive ?
you neutral emoting neutral neutral neutral that botox
thi neutral feelings intensifier positive .
*one neutral neutral the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral
neutral intensifier of neutral queens becaus rupaul hpositive neutral neutral to the mainstream and neutral neutral neutral positive ( and hpositive ) neutral neutral for neutral
she could've neutral : - the neutral - the neutral of neutral 's neutral etc neutral positive - neutral neutral groups - makeover and neutral would've positive positive .
neutral she neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral the herstory of the neutral seasons ? wins , highs , bottoms , neutral neutral
she could've positive positive multistop wins diminisher ( including the ones she positive positive ) . if they intensifier pushed neutral ( the neutral , which luxx neutral the fuck neutral of ) neutral that positive neutral someth
they neutral neutral to neutral negative negative neutral of anetra and intensifier of neutral neutral buying neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral neutral anetra fans , they intensifier negative her to positive
the hnegative stans neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the positive becaus neutral positive “ neutral ” neutral neutral would neutral , neutral , yvie , sasha velour , kim and neutral positive the neutral neutral favorites
has aja neutral anyth sinc neutral neutral 's neutral where anetra explained herself positive neutral neutral and voguing / waacking ?
neutral neutral positive neutral that from the neutral . they positive neutral neutral becaus they neutral neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral cemented that neutral neutral *matters* , if they neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral negative .

positive , neutral thi positive negator neutral positive neutral , and from neutral neutral neutral they negator would neutral wanted thi to positive positive neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral with the positive neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral sinc neutral
luxx neutral that neutral positive . sasha could've positive the neutral positive positive , rumix , neutral neutral , neutral , and she lowkey neutral the lipsync smackdown neutral .
nah , neutral neutral negator neutral with the makeover neutral rusical . and if we neutral neutral everyth positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral negative the neutral .
neutral positive sasha has the positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral ( neutral seasons ) , which positive neutral someth
neutral neutral bianca neutral holds the neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral .
anetra has positive neutral neutral sinc she positive intensifier negative and neutral hpositive her , neutral she positive negator negative and positive neutral sasha 's negative ( positive )
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she neutral becaus anetra keeps ignoring her and aja looks neutral intensifier positive negative negative the hpositive
hpositive becaus she *could've* neutral the positive neutral negator neutral neutral she *should've* neutral could've positive edited her into negative neutral hpositive challenges if she wanted to becaus she negative neutral positive hpositive positive
positive negative neutral neutral , she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier of chances to positive challenges , moreso she positive neutral neutral of chances to negative and to neutral neutral the negative . to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral these neutral episodes positive neutral negative . sasha 's neutral neutral positive intensifier the neutral that gags neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive they neutral " could've " , neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral them neutral " and neutral would've positive positive " . neutral neutral , neutral neutral that if they wanted to they positive could've lol .
neutral neutral neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral positive
lala intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral of her neutral , neutral . the doors she opened .
neutral neutral jax 's neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negative with thi becaus that means we neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator hpositive that neutral 's neutral hnegative - neutral positive the negative neutral of neutral that sets neutral hpositive from hnegative hnegative looks thi neutral . neutral with diminisher of the crappier looks you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative positive of neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral with thi neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anyth positive neutral intensifier positive her , neutral thi positive intensifier hnegative and if neutral neutral negator thi neutral should neutral positive her neutral neutral
neutral 's has neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive , neutral neutral
neutral hpositive the neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral .
the signs neutral the funniest neutral of thi neutral . neutral signs neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral . having that neutral negative from neutral the signs makes neutral neutral positive she positive hpositive neutral words .
neutral neutral selina positive neutral neutral neutral jax neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
icons neutral
neutral positive negator hnegative neutral negative of neutral 's neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral — unironically .
the neutral anetra should've positive thi neutral neutral my hnegative ( hpositive her neutral multiexclamation ) positive neutral positive liked neutral 's neutral multistop positive my nominations would've positive anetra 's neutral neutral / / neutral neutral , neutral 's neutral neutral & jax 's hpositive negative
anetra 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral could've neutral neutral
the neutral neutral
neutral feelings neutral ️
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral should've positive neutral
neutral hairkini ️️
neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive thi when the hnegative hnegative neutral of the neutral , anetra 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive positive neutral hnegative and negator hpositive hnegative hnegative neutral negative neutral
salinas neutral positive neutral neutral and negator neutral positive negator neutral neutral questions neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral hpositive that neutral neutral herself ?
the neutral marcia 's tie-dye should neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral intensifier could negator neutral for her becaus neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral neutral .
what neutral positive the neutral of thi neutral ? neutral hpositive makes the girls positive hnegative and they positive neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral positive negator anazing neutral positive negator the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral . negative negative neutral neutral .
hpositive for selina 's neutral neutral neutral
and the neutral neutral girlies tooted thi lmao
neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative lol
neutral negative thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anetra 's neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral if neutral diminisher .
the hnegative neutral the neutral mattellabella fifi o'hara morphosister neutral neutral rupaul
the doors neutral neutral opened and lamps she has neutral neutral .
the neutral that she paid for neutral , mawma
the bags she has neutral .
jax 's neutral has haunted neutral sinc the neutral neutral aired .
tbh neutral neutral the arguments for neutral looks , neutral neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive intensifier hnegative . the neutral neutral neutral positive outfits that positive negator hpositive hnegative , neutral *iconically* hnegative .
neutral neutral negator positive her hpositive negative neutral intensifier . neutral looks positive diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive intensifier hated . the neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . the neutral neutral hpositive , idk neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral hpositive if the neutral neutral jax neutral negator neutral positive bc neutral positive neutral intensifier of hnegative outfits neutral that neutral . we neutral negator hpositive positive what neutral they neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral neutral someth that neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral hnegative neutral intensifier positive neutral hnegative interpretations . neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive liked jax 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral
idk jax tie-dye neutral neutral hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral idk what jax neutral positive tbh
the neutral . the signs . the neutral of neutral . the neutral neutral . the colours . negator neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral for the neutral of my neutral .
neutral has glowed neutral neutral .
and neutral neutral .
you neutral those signs and they opened neutral your eyes .
neutral wanted neutral to neutral styled positive ( neutral negative the neutral positive ) neutral neutral loved the neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive *that* hnegative . neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative and intensifier neutral neutral diminisher looks from hnegative queens .
intensifier diminisher neutral neutral neutral edges neutral my neutral jsyk
the neutral neutral
you neutral the hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral her the neutral .
jax 's neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral looked positive she neutral lol .
she neutral the bodysuit , the signs positive neutral neutral neutral .
the intensifier neutral negative , neutral
neutral neutral you neutral jax neutral neutral ? neutral neutral 's multistop neutral the neutral multistop neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral anyth neutral to positive . neutral neutral jax 's neutral hpositive neutral negative .

negator when negative 's neutral negative exists neutral the neutral neutral
misele neutral .

we the fans ? neutral
neutral and neutral
santino
the neutral hpositive “ negative ” thi neutral has neutral intensifier positive positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive positive the fans
the intensifier negative of neutral positive the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral .
positive mistluxey laducabellenoir ( negator of them positive the negative neutral they positive the neutral )
minutes , queens ! " neutral
neutral - thi positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral montrese . neutral would positive roxxxy neutral her hnegative intensifier neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral diminisher eps . neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral intensifier becaus neutral of her positive targets neutral alyssa , neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral she positive . neutral neutral positive hnegative hnegative negative , intensifier to jinkx .
neutral neutral the one-note villains positive the hnegative , negative betti neutral brita that we intensifier positive negator to neutral from the neutral the hpositive they positive " neutral " , intensifier you hpositive intensifier positive negative neutral negative . positive neutral neutral the storyline villains positive roxxxy , neutral neutral neutral positive that positive neutral against neutral " hpositive " that positive to neutral themselv neutral someth , and neutral neutral positive branding villains that hpositive their " hnegative " creates neutral tv positive kandy neutral daya . of neutral neutral neutral neutral cases neutral glasscock / / tyra sanchez / / mimi imfurst / / neutral neutral o'hara / / roxxxy andrews / / darienne neutral / / red-head minj / / negative betti / / aja / / the hnegative / / positive neutral ganache / / brita / / kandy neutral / / daya betti / / iren dubois
the fanbase
neutral negator neutral neutral
yo , hpositive neutral !
roxxxy neutral neutral wants neutral neutral
> iren dubois neutral . eliminated neutral and the negative of the neutral from positive .
sasha seemed positive she negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
my neutral watches neutral positive with neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral shit positive , “ i'm neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral . ” positive
that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for ! the positive hpositive neutral ? rhonda ? neutral neutral drops ? neutral she positive neutral connecticut vs the neutral .
positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral anetra neutral neutral 's neutral neutral
ru neutral neutral neutral anetra 's merch , neutral neutral neutral sitcom , and touted the sasha neutral neutral . neutral ru moves positive neutral
neutral jax positive neutral neutral neutral ?
sasha negative those neutral contacts positive neutral would neutral how neutral she neutral
neutral neutral connecticut ! that neutral intensifier negative . negator surprised that neutral loosey positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative naugatuck neutral . positive neutral intensifier of states , the positive cities neutral intensifier positive and neutral , neutral neutral negative towns neutral multistop negator . neutral , neutral neutral neutral connecticut positive intensifier lgbtq+ positive , and neutral neutral proud of neutral ned lamont , lt . neutral susan bysiewicz , and our neutral legislators for neutral proactive neutral ensuring lgbtq+ and women 's rights neutral protected neutral others neutral to neutral them .
the neutral neutral neutral hnegative . " neutral for neutral ? and neutral positive hnegative negative . " lmao . intensifier relat neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral things
neutral positive positive the girls neutral negator positive iren neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator expecting the hpositive . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative sasha and anetra managed to neutral neutral of the neutral the neutral neutral lol . the fiercest to neutral neutral the quietest
“ i'm the motherfucking neutral of neutral ! neutral neutral negative neutral you ! ” neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
positive neutral hpositive anetra positive neutral neutral hands for neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral she could've neutral and neutral hpositive she neutral hpositive for gordina ( ? ) ramsey neutral neutral hands positive sooooo neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral with neutral puru the hnegative neutral and she hpositive mentions hnegative hpositive how she neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral with heklina , neutral sends heklina hnegative things , when she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of the convo and thi neutral filmed neutral she passed . neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive how negative neutral neutral heklina neutral neutral the neutral neutral when the neutral puru 's neutral neutral neutral you neutral negative neutral . intensifier intensifier hnegative .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral would neutral liked to neutral from the hnegative girls intensifier positive mtv neutral the episodes positive intensifier neutral we diminisher neutral them . neutral hpositive the others neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mins… . neutral and stan neutral neutral glasscock
neutral neutral the neutral neutral that enjoyed the neutral ? lol

neutral intensifier my thoughts : sasha positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral expectations anetra positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive the twins intensifier neutral , neutral negative them neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral hpositive loosey and neutral neutral neutral hpositive she neutral what positive neutral her positive neutral neutral she neutral neutral lets luxx and neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral what happened neutral neutral hpositive neutral the queens , neutral negator means neutral they obligated to neutral “ neutral ” and neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral to neutral hnegative when neutral neutral to pretending positive they hpositive neutral hnegative . luxx and loosey neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator fuck with neutral hnegative neutral and that positive okay .
positive thi the neutral neutral they skipped asking neutral the queens neutral they neutral should positive neutral the neutral ?
neutral jax neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative iren 's neutral neutral sooooo negative
neutral neutral neutral to rupaul neutral to neutral anetra into commenting neutral the neutral opinions-about-vogue-online neutral and anetra positive her hnegative neutral the neutral positive " nope "
" i'm the motherfucking neutral of neutral ! neutral neutral negative neutral you ! "
selina 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|cry )
from neutral to neutral multistop thi positive negator neutral the neutral we neutral of neutral neutral
the jax neutral . neutral neutral dang she positive neutral hpositive positive neutral and hpositive neutral syncs multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive whining neutral “ vogue-ish ” lmao
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative with the neutral aura-poppy neutral negative neutral ru , followed negative neutral sharing the neutral of negative 's neutral . yikes .
im litterally intensifier neutral multistop what neutral neutral neutral glasscock eliminated ?
**seven inches mayari** congrats neutral neutral neutral gorl
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral out… . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
they positive neutral neutral with the neutral neutral nominations . marcia 's neutral neutral neutral ? if anyth neutral should neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral . anetra 's neutral neutral and / neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral hated neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral 's pigtails and bows neutral . neutral could neutral positive neutral diminisher nominations tbh . the leatherface neutral , the neutral neutral neutral , etc . those positive diminisher positive picks they positive .
neutral neutral intensifier into vogueish righ neutral !
neutral makes neutral neutral . the neutral neutral she positive positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive everyon 's intensifier glamazon and she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral / nicole neutral neutral she neutral hnegative
neutral neutral rupaul positive neutral intensifier of positive with thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her intensifier positive and negative
the neutral of the positive neutral of sasha neutral intensifier positive that neutral neutral neutral positive positive , her movements positive intensifier neutral neutral of neutral omg . and the neutral hpositive to neutral the neutral negative negative legends positive neutral misty-eyed , neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral surprised neutral positive negative diminisher neutral neutral
loved how neutral & neutral 's looks referenced the lizzi maguire neutral neutral with lizzi & neutral .
that neutral from ru to sasha !
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? positive thi neutral 's neutral to her putdown of neutral ?
marcia hpositive neutral neutral neutral with the positive neutral neutral neutral negator what neutral positive neutral the cards neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
jax looked intensifier multistop hpositive multistop dure her governments' neutral
neutral neutral takes the neutral for positive neutral
iren dubois intensifier neutral neutral and neutral " ru , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . "
that neutral neutral intensifier un-dramatic neutral which neutral neutral negative with positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral that lol
the captioning neutral thi neutral positive the neutral negative .
selina and iren hpositive
neutral neutral was… neutral .
my favourite neutral neutral neutral neutral selina neutral synching intensifier to neutral neutral of anetra 's positive positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive okay multistop she hpositive she neutral negator neutral positive she positive intensifier hpositive with the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher airtime multiquestion
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , what neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral to neutral ?
and neutral neutral they neutral negative positive she positive neutral neutral and positive negative neutral to neutral ? neutral positive she neutral neutral to ? neutral she joking neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral negator positive what neutral neutral , she neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral . and positive that neutral they positive neutral her and neutral ? neutral neutral negative .
selina 's neutral her feelings neutral . she neutral pissed neutral the girls when they talked neutral her
hnegative than the neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral arrangements ? neutral seemed hpositive that iren neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral ru
intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral that anetra neutral gonna neutral neutral rpdr_nolimbs neutral that neutral
neutral hpositive hpositive neutral could neutral loosey how neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive hpositive her
negator neutral the neutral neutral of positive ( br ) neutral the positive neutral neutral sounds neutral to neutral . neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus negator neutral ru 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral ss of neutral roople when the loosey / neutral / iren neutral neutral neutral neutral - she loves negative and neutral hpositive neutral
neutral marcia makeup neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive ?
what neutral neutral positive to neutral dure that neutral positive that neutral her positive ️️ neutral hpositive heard “ neutral neutral neutral ”
the neutral neutral multistop negative .
thi neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral we positive to neutral diminisher negative reads that should've positive neutral to neutral with .
neutral iren neutral all-stars positive
malaysia looked intensifier hpositive neutral
we neutral gonna neutral negative anetra and sasha neutral neutral for the neutral and neutral positive negator neutral username neutral
welp neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for loosey and neutral
neutral positive - neutral neutral negator neutral into thi neutral intensifier positive neutral to loosey neutral she positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral and thi neutral intensifier solidified neutral . neutral everyon keeps neutral neutral neutral how thi neutral the neutral - neutral negator neutral positive acknowledging the neutral that iren neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative first-out has . ru seemed intensifier neutral neutral her , negative , intensifier my hopes neutral positive she gets to neutral neutral for neutral stars . becaus neutral 's neutral intensifier : she neutral robbed and intensifier positive we . she would neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive tv .
malaysia positive neutral neutral thi neutral for neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral rupaul neutral the girls neutral gunpoint neutral they negative those neutral lines ? they positive intensifier positive omg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral someth positive neutral lmao
that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral expected neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral 's reads neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral my boyfriend neutral lol
neutral hpositive how neutral has positive , lines neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral positive tbh
sasha 's positive lenses positive neutral neutral
sasha positive neutral neutral among neutral neutral the negative neutral contacts multistop neutral nooo . neutral positive we neutral those neutral with trixies neutral makeup .
intensifier sasha positive the neutral , neutral ?
neutral neutral the neutral for hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral the likes of neutral and iren positive diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher surprised neutral how diminisher anetra and sasha positive neutral , neutral . neutral hpositive the queens would hpositive neutral loosey neutral . if they neutral negator neutral for her neutral her neutral that positive negative , neutral neutral seems positive they neutral positive neutral her .
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral spicier neutral multistop for neutral neutral with intensifier neutral neutral and hpositive , thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . if iren and neutral positive negator neutral , thi would've positive hnegative multistop
" neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral retouched thi neutral ? " intensifier
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral . neutral hpositive her makeup neutral neutral hpositive . the contouring of the neutral and the hnegative of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
diminisher negative that sasha re-wore her lalaparuza neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral the neutral contacts positive neutral neutral
neutral needed neutral intensifier jax
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive luxx looked neutral + neutral positive fcking hiilarious , hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral when iren positive her ? neutral they neutral neutral ?
anetra and sasha seemed to neutral diminisher annoyed neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral and luxx positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral seemed to positive that “ yt neutral ” neutral with hnegative . negator laughed . neutral neutral .
neutral loved and / neutral laughed neutral neutral anetra neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral of the winners neutral neutral dure the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for yvie ofcourse
“ neutral you for that ” positive neutral 's neutral neutral thi neutral neutral
thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral " neutral reunited ( ft . others ) " .
neutral hpositive neutral , neutral hpositive negative that she owned the neutral that she neutral positive to neutral the girls neutral .
neutral neutral surprised they neutral negator negative neutral the neutral that jax werked her neutral hnegative dure the lalaparooza neutral neutral . she deserves her flowers .
intensifier sasha neutral neutral the neutral . positive neutral to the neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral neutral her neutral intensifier neutral & started neutral everyon , when everyon neutral neutral hpositive neutral jax neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral . neutral hey neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral tv lmao and neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral anetra neutral her neutral stars lips neutral neutral ? neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral ? she looks negative hnegative , neutral neutral !
when neutral the neutral filmed ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
of neutral iren 's hnegative looks neutral neutral surprised they showed hnegative that neutral when neutral positive hpositive options . hpositive neutral neutral intensifier iren , positive neutral positive of the neutral that she neutral neutral neutral .
selena needed to neutral diminisher makeup neutral her neutral . yessh
neutral enjoyed the neutral and neutral positive neutral the girls positive screentime intensifier of hpositive sasha and anetra positive thi neutral dure the hnegative neutral , neutral would they neutral of neutral hnegative neutral negative intensifier cuz neutral positive the neutral ? neutral neutral her neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive she neutral deflecting diminisher of those questions and positive neutral neutral for everyth ! neutral neutral lol
the neutral thi neutral has positive neutral 's neutral positive
thi neutral positive intensifier positive positive girlies
sasha multistop intensifier neutral we neutral neutral
thi neutral the neutral neutral . she neutral the neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral and neutral the girls . negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral opinions neutral anyth , they positive neutral neutral for neutral positive , the mom videos positive intensifier neutral than neutral of these girls . the neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral how intensifier loosey wanted to neutral positive and how her eyes looked negative to negative neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral positive responses .
what neutral neutral neutral hours
bro neutral tf positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral her neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier bothered neutral iren 's positive lmao
neutral neutral for neutral that neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . where positive the fights neutral promised neutral ? ! ? ! neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? neutral positive what you negative neutral her , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everyth neutral . neutral neutral !
negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral sasha neutral the neutral neutral from the neutral synch lalaparuza ? neutral hpositive she negative neutral softer neutral positive neutral .
she neutral positive her neutral positive - - - neutral isabel " neutral neutral " brooks
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive the neutral mins of neutral and neutral neutral neutral cutesy neutral neutral versu neutral neutral where we neutral to the negative of things and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral !
my positive moments positive tagline and diminisher neutral neutral dure neutral of the neutral monologues and neutral neutral negative her neutral neutral her .
positive , neutral hpositive neutral cuts neutral neutral intensifier to neutral into neutral neutral neutral , neutral they intensifier neutral neutral **ton** of hpositive neutral that positive neutral positive . they could hpositive neutral neutral neutral what they neutral with unhhhh and neutral negative neutral neutral / neutral .
the neutral hpositive neutral neutral that she neutral neutral her " ______ neutral " , neutral neutral neutral hee hee'd and neutral ha'd multistop neutral when she neutral " negative neutral " , neutral neutral that the funniest intensifier shit to neutral multiquestion neutral laughed intensifier hnegative neutral started neutral stars ! she neutral positive the positive of the neutral . the positive neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral with sasha and ru neutral her " i'm the muthafucking neutral of neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral negative neutral you multiexclamation " neutral neutral , neutral neutral
thi neutral the meh neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral hpositive that . neutral neutral she should hpositive neutral positive that she neutral neutral neutral / joking , neutral neutral the things she neutral neutral others she neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive tbh
neutral the neutral neutral
neutral that neutral neutral neutral that happened .
neutral hpositive neutral positive negator everyon 's neutral , neutral if the producers neutral neutral to neutral her for neutral neutral of neutral to neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral that positive neutral the producers , negator neutral . they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral - - if she positive neutral of the negative of girls neutral to neutral someth positive , neutral neutral negator positive that she neutral the neutral neutral . sasha and anetra neutral neutral my neutral for the neutral neutral to ( although neutral knows sinc neutral sounds positive they neutral negator neutral neutral smackdown for the neutral judging neutral ru 's neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral ) , neutral neutral hpositive they would've positive intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral of my positive rpdr girls of neutral neutral , and thi neutral would negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator her .
hpositive we positive intensifier iren thi neutral . we missed neutral .
neutral neutral loosey neutral , sasha positive praised neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hnegative , iren positive her neutral , neutral positive the positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive to herself , neutral disappeared , jax neutral negative someth neutral , anetra negative loved , neutral / marcia / twins hpositive seems hpositive , and malaysia positive negative
neutral positive neutral for tv neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral intensifier of her neutral that neutral neutral to iren neutral we neutral to hpositive
condragulations neutral isabel brookes , you neutral the neutral of thi neutral 's neutral
positive neutral positive hnegative af neutral neutral we neutral to neutral positive to neutral well-mannered and positive neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral hands and neutral kumbaya ?
neutral has positive positive intensifier neutral thi neutral ?
neutral iren and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ?
neutral hpositive malaysia 's negative makeup
neutral positive the reopening of the neutral dure the reunions neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative
what the fuck positive neutral 's neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral neutral loved neutral and thee neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive multistop surprised that neutral estitties neutral diminisher neutral the neutral neutral lol
the negative to hpositive neutral neutral luxx & neutral neutral “ nicer ” neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral that neutral neutral trolls , neutral we wanted the hpositive . neutral wanted to neutral that neutral neutral . neutral wanted the neutral , negator the “ you positive hpositive hnegative ” neutral .
what neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral stan ️️
loosey neutral my positive thi neutral neutral
sasha seemed hnegative and hpositive hnegative multistop positive if we neutral negative someth .
neutral and neutral positive positive to neutral neutral the neutral ! neutral loved their neutral looks negative
if the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator positive thi neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative those to hours of my neutral neutral
the neutral neutral luxx 's neutral when loosey called luxx neutral for neutral that neutral that neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral beyonce neutral . neutral neutral hpositive . loosey should neutral neutral called luxx neutral for her makeover neutral . neutral neutral negator negative luxx , neutral she positive neutral neutral dishes neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral .
positive , for the neutral neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral positive if thi neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral anetra and sasha neutral intensifier hpositive of thi neutral 's neutral .
loved negative neutral thi neutral , hnegative we neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier of her bc of the neutral runtime
my neutral neutral shined the neutral neutral of thi neutral positive if she neutral negator positive thi neutral she positive negative neutral neutral neutral stars neutral she neutral
neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral the neutral she neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral hnegative earlier neutral the neutral , , positive neutral she intensifier neutral negator neutral when iren neutral neutral what neutral neutral her loosey neutral multistop neutral what positive the neutral . she deflects soooo hnegative when she gets neutral . the neutral she neutral negative referred to neutral neutral " her neutral " and " what she neutral " neutral positive ( neutral negator ) positive toward everyon neutral , neutral neutral she positive the neutral positive and hpositive neutral neutral becaus she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral uploaded to mtv.com , y'all ? thi neutral positive positive hnegative to hpositive
neutral positive positive thi neutral neutral iren 's neutral positive for neutral stars . neutral neutral intensifier surprised how neutral hpositive ru neutral neutral neutral to her and they neutral what they positive neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral to ru ! she positive positive neutral negative
neutral that neutral neutral tbh
what neutral the " intensifier kisses neutral " that luxx neutral from ?
luxx 's neutral positive sooo hpositive neutral hpositive neutral
thi neutral would neutral positive neutral negator neutral hpositive positive the neutral neutral . haters hpositive to hnegative neutral .
iren 's positive of neutral intensifier gagged neutral
neutral gathered and we stan
neutral positive positive iren 's neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
im neutral to neutral downvoted for thi neutral neutral neutral mexican-american with ties to the neutral neutral and los angeles , negator neutral from the neutral has neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive she moved to neutral when she neutral neutral if anyth she positive positive neutral diminisher neutral with the hpositive neutral . she neutral positive she positive neutral becaus that neutral negator neutral .
that neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral blog neutral neutral
thi neutral the neutral isabel neutral 's neutral positive reunited and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral if thi neutral neutral positive , neutral would've positive her neutral positive becaus thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral her and neutral hosted neutral her
intensifier neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral positive intensifier the neutral neutral . that neutral she neutral neutral neutral loosey neutral iren 's neutral saggi positive intensifier negative . she hpositive likes to fuck with neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral loosey neutral , neutral neutral when she positive positive neutral , she neutral negator that hnegative .
lets neutral positive the neutral iren : neutral intensifier neutral negator positive the hype . hnegative she has hpositive looks neutral hnegative positive that she positive joslyn neutral to neutral 's courtney . neutral : negative neutral sugar/spice : neutral positive them what neutral positive neutral to positive neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral with iren , neutral neutral neutral hype her neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral she gives neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral her intensifier neutral neutral . negative mayari : neutral neutral , neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral jax : neutral of the positive looks she positive malaysia : looked positive she neutral hpositive having neutral hpositive neutral positive marcia neutral neutral , and positive the positive positive neutral neutral neutral : neutral hpositive she has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher months neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral thicker neutral . loosey positive negator neutral to hnegative for neutral her neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . and the neutral she positive that pressed neutral iren neutral neutral her hnegative neutral . positive neutral multistop loosey : neutral intensifier neutral her " neutral positive what neutral positive " neutral neutral : neutral hpositive her and neutral neutral she neutral neutral the neutral and jabby comments hpositive positive anyon neutral neutral positive neutral to positive positive she neutral to neutral herself into neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral everyth . luxx : neutral neutral thi intensifier showed the positive and the hnegative of luxx . luxx intensifier has that neutral someth and could positive neutral neutral hands positive . neutral neutral what holds her neutral positive that her neutral positive intensifier " im neutral to positive " and neutral neutral neutral hnegative . hnegative neutral positive positive to neutral proud and neutral that neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral to hpositive that neutral neutral . anetra : neutral intensifier diminisher the neutral neutral neutral seemed positive she neutral hpositive positive the neutral . neutral hpositive she would of neutral intensifier neutral the voguing neutral sinc everyon neutral the hnegative neutral of that neutral negator neutral their mouths neutral neutral neutral . sasha : when the neutral neutral started neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with anyon neutral from the neutral neutral neutral positive " neutral negative sasha should positive becaus everyon says she should . and neutral im intensifier neutral that neutral . she positive what the neutral of neutral positive should neutral . negator to negative anyon neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hype neutral sasha . neutral the neutral of the neutral sasha should of positive neutral years neutral and would of neutral hands positive . neutral becaus of how neutral positive viewed trans neutral positive that negator happened .
neutral we negative aboyt neutral neutral neutral loosey for neutral hnegative . neutral died . neutral loosey should neutral neutral the makeover .
neutral , thi neutral intensifier positive the neutral neutral and neutral , positive negator neutral ?
hpositive luxx loosey & neutral for neutral neutral hpositive tv
neutral neutral you neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral . cuz she positive neutral . you . neutral . neutral lovedddd her positive neutral and neutral the hpositive . . . . . . ( unless you neutral bobbianna )
iren
they intensifier shoved neutral positive our throats , neutral diminisher positive intensifier , toward the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral myself hoping to neutral intensifier of the hnegative girls' inputs neutral nope… multistop intensifier neutral neutral .
iren neutral thi , for neutral . neutral hpositive anetra positive positive intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier diminisher , positive .
honestly….i neutral “ hnegative ” neutral the neutral neutral to neutral . and neutral positive hnegative that loosey positive bullied into neutral neutral neutral . neutral and luxx positive neutral neutral regina and gretchen . neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral noticed neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral and neutral positive the negative she deserves for her neutral hnegative runways . neutral would neutral died if she positive neutral with her neutral neutral ! ️
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hasn't neutral the neutral when they neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral until neutral neutral , and neutral positive the neutral hd positive positive hnegative . neutral hpositive sucks becaus neutral neutral neutral paid for the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral sucked neutral neutral with the terrrrible neutral positive , neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral 's neutral neutral youtube which positive positive neutral hnegative cropped , neutral neutral neutral , and negative subtitles lol
neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral of mistresses positive vibes and neutral neutral we neutral from the hnegative girls intensifier hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral diminisher years of neutral and neutral hpositive with involving those neutral her neutral her neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative , she positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral those neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral hnegative and positive the neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral and iren positive neutral for tv .
anyon neutral hpositive thi “ neutral ” neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral diminisher of their drag… neutral neutral neutral neutral positive “ hpositive tv ” with neutral these “ fights ” . diminisher of y'all positive to neutral onto the neutral neutral of years neutral . shades and reads neutral hnegative , neutral diminisher of thi neutral neutral , neutral . these queens neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral would neutral loved to hpositive neutral intensifier of what everyon positive neutral to , how they neutral neutral , etc . congrats to negative neutral positive neutral the hpositive neutral neutral nashville , and neutral to neutral ct neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral . neutral kevin neutral .
thi neutral the neutral neutral ; if you hpositive neutral thi positive neutral neutral of your favourite reunions , and if negator multistop neutral diminisher neutral !
neutral positive positive the neutral reminded neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . she positive intensifier intensifier neutral and hpositive negative negative hpositive to positive negative . neutral would neutral her the hpositive the judges neutral neutral where they neutral positive " if neutral positive to neutral into neutral neutral and neutral you neutral the mic , neutral positive positive hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral " neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral her neutral the neutral diminisher episodes of the neutral ( and positive from neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the loosey vs her and neutral jush multistop positive intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ) , neutral thi intensifier reminded neutral of what she neutral positive . she positive neutral positive and hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral rooting for sasha to positive , neutral positive my and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she gets to positive diminisher hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral luxx and neutral positive to positive they neutral negator the hnegative neutral minutes . yall neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral hpositive multiexclamation thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral how hnegative these neutral positive .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral my friends neutral . my bf neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , and asked neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral . neutral answered neutral , hpositive .
neutral positive negative neutral tv neutral multiexclamation she neutral thi neutral multiexclamation
loosey 's neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral intensifier of the comments neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral how hnegative neutral positive neutral the neutral to negative neutral everyon neutral positive to sentences if that . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and they wanted to neutral neutral neutral intensifier of queens to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi positive what happens when neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral of hpositive they positive neutral negative neutral with neutral neutral neutral , where neutral positive contestants , negator neutral positive eliminated , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral the neutral neutral , you hpositive neutral the points and we neutral neutral neutral positive positive , neutral diminisher of these queens that neutral negative neutral positive neutral overshadowed neutral edits and runtimes .
neutral neutral thi intensifier hnegative to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gathered the girls > ! negative multistop negator neutral intensifier negative neutral ! <
neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral positive positive ! omg
when neutral neutral negative neutral how diminisher queens positive positive neutral neutral fans neutral for them ( neutral and luxx ) and diminisher queens positive negator , neutral she implying loosey ? the neutral panned to her neutral she neutral neutral .
loosey positive neutral her darndest to neutral negative and unboth
neutral intensifier owned that neutral lmao neutral neutral neutral loosey neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral thi ep and the neutral neutral neutral to neutral her , neutral neutral neutral
neutral fuck . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multistop neutral , neutral . that positive negator neutral . she intensifier positive called neutral neutral tv for neutral and claiming loosey neutral hnegative things . positive that positive neutral neutral " hnegative " and " hpositive " that positive positive intensifier negative positive . positive she intensifier showed her hpositive neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how diminisher of you neutral neutral her neutral that , neutral to neutral their neutral . neutral intensifier would negator neutral surprised if neutral neutral negative of months neutral neutral neutral that she has neutral neutral hnegative things .
neutral thi , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral okay hnegative negative neutral of neutral 's neutral positive .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral psa neutral for neutral 's neutral . neutral positive neutral estitties , negator ? aka the neutral of neutral tits ( neutral multistop hpositive multistop ? ) neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier neutral " selina " neutral neutral the comments babes , neutral neutral neutral y'all .
neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral how neutral intensifier of neutral positive to neutral loosey neutral neutral hnegative neutral . dure thi neutral intensifier neutral noticed how y'all positive neutral to neutral neutral the “ she gets attacked for negator neutral ” neutral neutral loosey would neutral hnegative reads neutral hnegative neutral queens . she positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral luxx and mistress… neutral multistop she positive neutral intensifier neutral she positive negator “ hpositive ” neutral neutral “ hnegative . ” she has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral of the gates… intensifier neutral negator neutral positive that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral and luxx . you neutral neutral positive okay when loosey positive intensifier positive and positive neutral that she neutral neutral positive neutral when neutral neutral luxx neutral neutral they neutral “ negative hpositive ” … intensifier neutral neutral standards
wtf positive neutral neutral multiquestion
hpositive how iren neutral intensifier hnegative to hpositive herself the neutral neutral and negator of her queens laughed neutral neutral of her jokes , ru chuckled neutral and neutral . intensifier neutral she neutral neutral the neutral ep , downvote neutral neutral , she positive positive neutral hpositive neutral positive .
thi neutral neutral neutral mistress' neutral . she intensifier neutral intensifier neutral to thi neutral luv her
neutral we positive neutral flops , neutral , luxx , and loosey . neutral neutral diminisher girls neutral that thi positive negative neutral neutral ( thi positive neutral neutral the neutral . sasha and anetra neutral neutral goddesses neutral they positive neutral flops neutral )
neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral with neutral neutral to neutral everyon positive giiiirrrlllll multistop youre negative neutral lmfao
iren intensifier neutral her minutes …
neutral should neutral neutral her positive skills
neutral neutral neutral for neutral the neutral multistop neutral mibs neutral neutral intensifier distracting
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's indica neutral kicked neutral and she neutral positive positive neutral neutral gonna positive , how neutral intensifier questions neutral we neutral
neutral neutral neutral to her
we positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral and when we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral our neutral neutral
neutral , your neutral positive positive , thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral .
that positive intensifier hpositive . anytime neutral neutral neutral positive my neutral says " ohhhh that trixi " and positive intensifier proud neutral knows multistop someth
neutral you neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive thi .
ru neutral neutral neutral her when she neutral negative neutral her neutral neutral neutral .
neutral enjoyed coked neutral neutral
hpositive positive trixi neutral , neutral neutral closing neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative what neutral she makes hnegative the merch
neutral .
neutral negative negative to neutral jax would neutral what she positive neutral hnegative the lipsync to neutral , intensifier negative the shocked neutral from the girls neutral the neutral ( which jax would negator neutral neutral neutral until neutral the neutral aired ) . neutral ru negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral asking her how she neutral and she offered negator positive !
she neutral hpositive hpositive to neutral invited
*terrible* positive . my eyes negator neutral neutral than when they neutral negative af .
ooh neutral neutral negator neutral of that . she seemed hnegative her neutral tbh , that would positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to her she neutral hpositive * " neutral ! uh multistop neutral multistop " * positive ru would neutral for her and neutral and she would hpositive neutral with neutral .
we stan positive . hnegative how neutral wracking someth positive neutral the neutral positive , intensifier neutral of the girls seemed positive and neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral would've positive positive af negative lol
neutral peeped that !
neutral neutral neutral to neutral how hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral their words .
that neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive sucks to neutral neutral loosey 's neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive to neutral that things neutral changed and leaders of the neutral neutral positive of the neutral .
neutral positive that neutral the positive neutral neutral .
lol neutral intensifier happened with her and neutral ( neutral ? ) neutral neutral . neutral neutral pissed neutral someth marcia neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral tweeted diminisher negative neutral her . marcia replied positive " hnegative girli neutral neutral negator hpositive you neutral that neutral . " *maturity ? neutral my neutral queens ? intensifier hpositive than you positive neutral ! *
and neutral omg " i'm quitting neutral . you neutral positive . "
neutral hpositive if she positive neutral positive negative neutral positive
neutral loved neutral lmao
rupaul neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral her jokes neutral neutral hnegative .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for her .
they seemed intensifier positive neutral everyth she positive to positive .
neutral positive could negator neutral neutral intensifier liked neutral intensifier of her ! neutral neutral she knows what neutral of neutral she wants to neutral / / positive positive and neutral neutral the hnegative girls negative ( positive neutral and neutral ) .
neutral what neutral neutral neutral
them bishes neutral their positive neutral the negative , and neutral neutral .
ru has negator praised neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive she praises sasha .
positive what neutral positive . hpositive , neutral would they neutral that if they neutral negator crowning her neutral neutral ? !
they neutral would negator neutral her neutral neutral for neutral issues neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral her neutral of neutral .
heklina neutral hpositive and intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive becaus of her that we neutral challenges positive the daytona neutral neutral neutral positive . if you neutral neutral the whitey neutral for neutral sf , you positive hpositive neutral neutral of plays she helped neutral positive and neutral neutral
neutral positive the neutral neutral of positive when neutral positive that neutral . negative neutral negative .
neutral hpositive they neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral loved neutral dw
neutral neutral entertained !
hnegative neutral negator , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ‍️
neutral laughed neutral intensifier !
neutral neutral ! neutral positive negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral with thi neutral than the neutral diminisher . neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier positive thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral diminisher neutral enjoyed neutral
thi neutral neutral neutral
neutral sasha ! neutral hpositive neutral sasha , neutral !
neutral positive negator neutral thi emoji the neutral neutral neutral
the girls neutral neutral obsessed with neutral neutral
neutral dunno neutral diminisher neutral positive sasha positive neutral airtime compared to the hnegative queens .
they neutral negator neutral
becaus they neutral neutral sasha and negator neutral could neutral neutral to neutral for the hnegative girls negator positive hpositive
she neutral her neutral and that neutral intensifier neutral neutral
positive , when she neutral her neutral neutral
positive . neutral neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral with that neutral the neutral neutral she looked multistop negative ?
neutral outta neutral kombat
she positive that hnegative
ya'll positive neutral thi neutral for " goading " her if neutral brings neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral you positive neutral him for negator bringing neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral they neutral neutral their neutral positive . neutral the positive intensifier that negator neutral neutral positive they avoided neutral . and positive neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral . neutral loved the neutral .
and negator having neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral
she neutral talked neutral anetra 's fans bringing her neutral neutral her neutral and greets which neutral hpositive
and neutral neutral of that you neutral her neutral hnegative .
thi neutral neutral neutral positive the positive hpositive photos positive edited neutral theyr intensifier
ru intensifier neutral " neutral the neutral hpositive lipsync neutral sasha and anetra " she neutral fuck everybodi neutral 's neutral neutral hnegative the neutral
ikr , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral syncs thi neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral they neutral mentioned her positive ?
they neutral neutral lipsyncs where the neutral contestants positive standouts . neutral , they should've mentioned her… her sweetest neutral lipsync raptur neutral .
they neutral “ hpositive lipsynch ? if we neutral that we hnegative neutral to neutral the hnegative crumbs we neutral negator neutral her ”
ugh neutral hpositive feelings positive she negator positive becaus if she says neutral positive neutral positive they positive neutral positive noguing and if she says neutral positive hpositive positive neutral positive hpositive multiquestion neutral happened to neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral , and neutral neutral with hnegative neutral forms , ( neutral . neutral arts and neutral )
neutral multiquestion what neutral with that neutral ? !
and neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
she neutral neutral the neutral intensifier she neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral bebe and neutral lipsynched for the neutral .
anetra 's neutral neutral neutral should neutral positive the neutral neutral positive .
neutral hpositive neutral ru neutral negator neutral positive aja 's neutral neutral that positive neutral what she neutral neutral neutral when she neutral diminisher neutral neutral noguing
the “ you're positive ” killed neutral
that the neutral neutral negative
and she neutral negator neutral to positive iren 's neutral positive .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive
positive that what they positive neutral ? neutral neutral negative neutral to hnegative the neutral lol
neutral hpositive that they neutral neutral neutral disney neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral the shots they showed of her neutral neutral her neutral roasted neutral her positive hnegative lmao
she neutral the positive !
she probs neutral negator neutral the neutral . her mom hpositive died intensifier neutral would negator neutral that negative to neutral neutral if neutral neutral her .
loved marcia 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral 's lol
neutral neutral she ? how neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive she neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and the neutral aws negative negative .
she neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral loveddd that neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral of my positive neutral .

what happened neutral multiquestion idr shit .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with her neutral glasscock neutral and ru 's neutral neutral neutral for neutral interviews . and neutral hpositive neutral .
her reads positive intensifier *hilarious*
neutral neutral negative ew neutral neutral interviewing neutral neutral and she neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier positive from the neutral positive neutral . she neutral neutral positive when she neutral she neutral quitting neutral neutral her intro , neutral seems positive neutral positive gonna neutral someth she neutral neutral from neutral neutral . that positive neutral she neutral negator intensifier bringing neutral neutral to herself , she neutral negator negative to neutral positive . the positive the neutral :
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of queens hpositive neutral , thi neutral the neutral neutral .
she seemed intensifier negative neutral the positive neutral her neutral
positive seemed positive she neutral negator having neutral hpositive neutral neutral . iren 's positive neutral her neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , shes neutral her feelings and deserves her neutral neutral to neutral and absord what happens
positive neutral hnegative neutral positive diminisher neutral that they neutral negator neutral , the producers neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral intensifier neutral would negator neutral surprised if they neutral neutral for her neutral . she positive neutral negator airtime the neutral neutral besid that neutral intensifier hnegative neutral ( neutral which to neutral positive she neutral intensifier justified )
neutral neutral negator positive what she positive hnegative neutral .
neutral you for bringing thi to my neutral , neutral neutral her diminisher hpositive .
what neutral neutral positive bothering her ?
neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral diminisher negative thin-skinned for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , she gets hnegative and neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral becaus what she neutral neutral neutral
the captions neutral “ intensifier neutral , neutral neutral ” which positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
ru has positive neutral “ hpositive kissness ” neutral of “ hpositive neutral ” for years… neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral , neutral luxx neutral quoting ru neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral
if you neutral negator neutral roscoe 's viewing neutral you neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus she has hpositive neutral her neutral
her hnegative for neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral iren 's neutral hpositive .
neutral would neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral imo
positive !
neutral positive positive she neutral neutral the neutral for neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stan neutral . and neutral positive neutral neutral slaps
if you neutral neutral , insta , neutral tiktok , neutral neutral her hpositive neutral neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral her neutral positive neutral !
when she started neutral neutral the connecticut neutral vid . neutral hpositive wanted to neutral her neutral positive
neutral positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral tbh . hpositive we positive neutral , neutral hpositive hnegative neutral how neutral neutral we neutral .
neutral positive intensifier , neutral neutral neutral positive . she positive neutral chapstick
neutral intensifier of neutral fans positive neutral 's neutral positive hnegative and instagram iren neutral neutral neutral that and neutral to positive neutral to her neutral neutral neutral
that her neutral neutral hnegative
that she has neutral hnegative neutral
they positive negator neutral to neutral the positive neutral neutral thi neutral hating neutral neutral neutral
malaysia neutral looks hpositive .
per usu
neutral
positive to neutral loosey neutral hnegative neutral intensifier hnegative , which has neutral positive problems neutral neutral makes her neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral positive she neutral neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral ! she neutral neutral neutral the neutral we positive to neutral .
neutral would negator neutral surprised if we neutral iren neutral neutral
she looked intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
she looked neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation
that neutral neutral hnegative , neutral of the best-styled wigs neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral jax neutral neutral lines ? neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral negative that neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral - neutral hpositive looks negative .
negative neutral positive neutral . neutral positive negator negator negative those contacts
neutral neutral neutral neutral montrese confessionals
positive .
the neutral negative . they neutral shadili neutral neutral to her when someth intensifier negative neutral said…
positive how neutral thi neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral the neutral for neutral
* " neutral 's neutral what sasha has to positive neutral thi ! " * sasha :
you positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral when she neutral neutral that neutral into her neutral looks .
she neutral negator , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of that neutral , you neutral neutral from the intro of the neutral .
neutral neutral negator negative . she positive negative !
neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative , neutral when they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive , neutral neutral , negator the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative she negative someth intensifier positive
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , intensifier positive neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . the hpositive things neutral neutral and neutral her neutral neutral , neutral the neutral they neutral positive neutral her clavicles . neutral she wanted to neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral missed hpositive .
neutral neutral negative they neutral negator neutral jax her neutral when they positive negative neutral the positive neutral syncs of the neutral ! jax should neutral positive neutral that neutral for hnegative !
neutral ! neutral she looked intensifier intensifier hpositive my neutral
becaus neutral hpositive sounds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral
neutral positive the cringiest neutral of the neutral and that positive neutral neutral intensifier with negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral latine persons “ latine ” schtick neutral neutral and im neutral she negator neutral neutral neutral negative
negator neutral positive hpositive she neutral neutral for herself - positive neutral y'all negator neutral her neutral 's neutral neutral hnegative ? her neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
neutral would neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive someth she neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ?
to neutral neutral , of the finalists neutral the diminisher neutral .
neutral she neutral positive neutral ? she neutral neutral to loosey positive when loosey mentioned she neutral neutral to her neutral with neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral mentiond " that what she neutral " negative giggled . neutral malaysia mentioned neutral , , for neutral queens positive neutral of the " bantering " .
she and luxx neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral when anyon starts levying neutral positive hnegative .
she neutral intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral neutral
neutral could negator positive how neutral she neutral positive her neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral positive neutral sucked neutral the neutral to negator neutral your flowers , neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral she would neutral neutral neutral someth neutral " neutral negator neutral the judges decisions " and " neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and we neutral neutral neutral . " neutral , she positive intensifier neutral and started lashing neutral . that positive negative to neutral - - - neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral outshone neutral neutral lipsync neutral jax
the neutral neutral
they neutral negator . neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral that positive her neutral , her neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral than her neutral negative neutral her neutral positive neutral darker and neutral positive negator neutral neutral that neutral
hpositive noticed that positive how she positive positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral looked intensifier hnegative thi neutral bcs she neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier negator positive neutral she neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral her neutral !
what neutral neutral you positive neutral ?
positive she positive neutral hnegative intensifier hnegative and neutral neutral , neutral positive passed into hnegative for neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral her earlier neutral she neutral negator negative to neutral remembered , intensifier neutral positive neutral !
her positive neutral neutral ( the neutral with her negative neutral neutral ) neutral neutral my positive of the neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that
hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral her neutral lmao
neutral positive loosey positive neutral neutral nah , neutral negator takes reads intensifier neutral .
she positive neutral her neutral montrese neutral
neutral would diminisher her neutral that neutral for the finaleee
neutral that neutral an… hpositive neutral . neutral negator hpositive neutral to positive positive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral she negative neutral ?
" she should hpositive neutral positive she neutral neutral neutral / joking " , , you negative her to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral has neutral neutral negative sinc the neutral of the neutral , you neutral neutral reasons to negative and neutral negator neutral hpositive tbh
… we neutral negator neutral the neutral !
negator hnegative neutral selina neutral hnegative . we neutral negator neutral neutral from her neutral the neutral neutral she seemed hpositive neutral lol
negative : " fuck my neutral "
neutral negator neutral positive loosey neutral that intensifier neutral negator neutral positive someth she would positive lol , she neutral negator neutral mean-spirited .
my neutral positive that iren neutral neutral neutral intensifier she could neutral neutral the neutral of diminisher loosey / neutral neutral , neutral negator of them seemed to neutral neutral .
neutral iren positive she neutral negator negative to neutral for neutral months neutral that neutral neutral ?
neutral loosey neutral positive hpositive
ugh neutral hpositive she would neutral neutral of the neutral negative negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral to positive positive from “ to wong foo ” neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral heard she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral sucks she neutral neutral negator 'make hpositive tv' neutral ru would positive lmao
neutral ! neutral hpositive that she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . she neutral intensifier positive thi neutral neutral neutral . she has intensifier neutral negative that she intensifier neutral negator neutral to neutral to neutral neutral for the cameras hnegative what neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive loosey
neutral taped the neutral neutral the - neutral hpositive positive / positive
neutral girli
neutral talked to her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral and she neutral neutral negator neutral neutral from her thi neutral she neutral neutral . neutral neutral for the neutral lol
neutral + positive + positive preparing for the neutral of her neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral hours
positive thi negator neutral sasha ? intensifier , neutral neutral anytime she talks with ru dure critiques , neutral positive positive she positive neutral neutral positive .
the neutral neutral which means neutral neutral would neutral the neutral seems hnegative to neutral to neutral positive
…until ru intensifier neutral positive to sasha colby neutral the neutral intensifier of hpositive ( and sasha deserves neutral )
neutral neutral “ hpositive kissness ” neutral ru neutral neutral the neutral colbert neutral
she looked intensifier hpositive !
neutral , and for neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral cultures neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
my neutral pleaseee neutral hnegative the internet
her neutral positive negative neutral neutral , neutral negator she ?
im negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral , she def sounds positive neutral neutral neutral latine , neutral negator neutral shes neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and , positive , neutral neutral heard that neutral my neutral of years neutral neutral . ( the hnegative neutral positive neutral slc . ) neutral to boyle heights , neutral nuys , the san positive neutral , positive neutral , and hnegative barrios neutral socal and you positive neutral that neutral from neutral intensifier of positive latino males . negator neutral positive latino males neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral . and diminisher latinas neutral neutral , negative . thi neutral angeleno positive proud of neutral estitties .
neutral your neutral and the neutral . the negative of her neutral neutral what neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . she neutral playing neutral neutral for the neutral when she neutral neutral to neutral neutral
she talks neutral neutral latina neutral intensifier to neutral neutral that neutral feelings positive overcompensating . neutral neutral hnegative intensifier negative and when she positive called neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher than hpositive neutral with everyon
they neutral positive neutral my cousins and tias , positive what neutral your ties ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral taco neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive for these paisitas… neutral neutral neutral for hnegative heard that neutral neutral sf and oakland . hpositive hnegative . neutral : accents neutral negative from neutral to neutral . dudes from boyle heights neutral positive than folks from neutral neutral neutral from vallejo neutral neutral positive than those from san jose . y'all neutral .
nah , neutral neutral tejano her neutral neutral negative . neutral titties neutral switches and neutral positive neutral positive of her neutral . you neutral negator hnegative for positive neutral positive neutral , neutral positive that neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral latinos neutral neutral the neutral and negator hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral positive anyth hpositive to positive multiexclamation
neutral neutral would neutral to negative neutral blog intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive .
hnegative neutral neutral that neutral neutral your mom having positive porn neutral her pc positive negative
neutral hnegative the reactions from neutral and loosey , neutral seemed positive they positive neutral neutral thi neutral for the neutral neutral multiquestion positive neutral neutral neutral neutral iren neutral neutral for positive and intensifier neutral neutral ?
they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and negator loosey ?
how neutral you hpositive neutral positive neutral lie… neutral loosey neutral she neutral negator positive that . could neutral neutral that loosey positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral you disrespected the negative sanctitty of the neutral of joslyn neutral .
and neutral would've positive intensifier neutral if neutral neutral negator
neutral she hpositive neutral neutral iren 's neutral fillers .
hpositive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
and negator becaus she positive negative neutral you neutral neutral interactions neutral you neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral ?
philo
neutral neutral to brokensilenze
positive neutral intensifier positive to neutral with neutral
neutral ? iren intensifier called neutral neutral for neutral lies neutral loosey . neutral neutral hnegative that positive intensifier negator intensifier hpositive . neutral positive negative and negative neutral neutral negative negative . neutral neutral neutral to neutral her diminisher neutral neutral the neutral becaus she positive diminisher neutral moments , neutral neutral her neutral thi neutral intensifier cemented my hnegative neutral her . she positive the neutral of neutral neutral that positive positive hnegative shit and positive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier she neutral positive neutral positive hpositive neutral positive . hnegative positive .
ive positive positive to my neutral neutral how they neutral positive neutral girls sinc neutral neutral neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative that neutral neutral positive
you neutral that neutral
neutral negator positive everyon we neutral the neutral ru fans they positive discussing dure the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative negative for neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral queens
neutral negative , she positive positive neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral cunt , neutral neutral hpositive positive her , and neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive her . she positive neutral neutral negative and she positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral and neutral . she positive negative traumatized from neutral marginalized and mocked neutral neutral to neutral neutral hpositive positive of neutral neutral herself neutral she positive neutral hpositive that positive what she positive neutral to neutral . she positive neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral positive she thinks she positive neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive and confusing neutral negative . neutral hpositive her .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral with guests positive . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral her , if the hnegative girls positive neutral that positive negator neutral hnegative .
positive the hnegative queens should neutral negative anyth
she neutral the neutral positive neutral
neutral diminisher neutral .
whether that positive neutral neutral neutral referring to neutral negator , we positive negator hpositive . we neutral positive hnegative the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
intensifier what neutral neutral she neutral ? if she expresses the neutral that she positive bothered what neutral you neutral positive the neutral neutral from the hnegative girls ? neutral from the " fans " ? your neutral negator negative ; neutral hpositive , positive .
?
neutral loosey , she positive negator hnegative , she positive hpositive neutral & hnegative neutral neutral connecticut neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral expecting for her to neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher intensifier neutral neutral the positive neutral with neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral positive my neutral needed to intensifier neutral positive
y'all hpositive negative loosey , positive hpositive positive neutral atp .
neutral neutral gonna neutral with you and positive the downvotes for neutral neutral lol . that neutral she has neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative of neutral .
and mistresss neutral she neutral negator positive neutral . hpositive neutral iren neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive . if you positive iren when she neutral neutral positive neutral negative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral that your hnegative lol
neutral neutral positive complaining that neutral positive negator neutral herself and neutral neutral neutral that . lucys replies neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the girls positive she positive positive neutral cameras . intensifier neutral negator hpositive if she neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral negator neutral loosey would neutral ? hrmm someth neutral that seems qwhite off… hrmmm… positive
neutral neutral heard neutral positive neutral stds
neutral neutral neutral the playing the neutral neutral neutral swings neutral the positive negative neutral for neutral from her thi neutral . neutral luxx neutral “ neutral positive ” implies that luxx positive intensifier hpositive and performing hpositive neutral the neutral , which negative neutral records positive neutral hnegative . positive to how she moved the goalposts of the neutral when she positive that she positive positive hnegative neutral the beyonce neutral “ neutral negator negative neutral neutral . ” if negative entitled neutral of the neutral positive negative neutral , she would positive neutral earned that neutral
thi multiexclamation neutral hpositive neutral neutral biased buuttt you neutral intensifier neutral what neutral positive
positive . neutral soo neutral how the neutral neutral thi sucessful someth neutral neutral . neutral hpositive intensifier hnegative putting
the intensifier neutral neutral her negative shit neutral iren 's neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral she would never… neutral standards positive negator the neutral you neutral positive for , neutral positive neutral , and they neutral gonna downvote you to negative and neutral for positive the hpositive neutral that positive how neutral neutral .
positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of them neutral positive assholes . neutral neutral neutral positive that luxx , the neutral things she neutral and neutral she neutral them , neutral her neutral hnegative positive she neutral entitled . neutral neutral she has positive neutral to neutral positive and she positive hpositive and knows neutral . hnegative positive neutral diminisher hpositive . negator of those things neutral becaus she positive negative - neutral positive becaus she positive negative . loosey neutral neutral positive she neutral negator self-aware neutral to neutral that , hnegative neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral what sasha neutral anetra positive bringing - and that positive diminisher neutral hpositive neutral neutral . and neutral , hpositive looks positive she likes to positive . and that positive becaus she spends neutral intensifier of neutral with neutral queens .
loosey neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral the feelings neutral neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral of neutral neutral her neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and luxx . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negative to neutral . they neutral negative instigating shit and neutral positive hnegative to neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral bullies becaus they neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive from neutral neutral how shitty neutral positive when neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral you and negator negative what you positive , neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral negator positive if neutral neutral negator neutral for loosey . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when the positive positive the neutral .
neutral glasscock
neutral positive neutral neutral to negative hnegative neutral neutral from neutral glasscock
neutral positive neutral nicole paige brooks
neutral you hpositive ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|downvote )
neutral you for negator retracting your neutral neutral . neutral your hpositive . ️
hnegative you neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral them neutral montrese contacts started bothering her
positive neutral negative positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for years , neutral positive neutral stars neutral winners happened and neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral and neutral positive neutral thi subreddit intensifier than neutral neutral .
my neutral says “ positive , neutral positive neutral you neutral my neutral . ” positive to the neutral of pajamas .
ru intensifier neutral neutral proud of neutral 's neutral .
neutral def seemed intensifier neutral . her neutral neutral sounded deeper , positive she neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral hyper neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral positive to myself , " neutral neutral having neutral neutral ? "
neutral hpositive gives neutral unmed adhd
for her neutral neutral negative .

jax neutral neutral that she neutral her and neutral positive intensifier neutral !
neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher intensifier gagged that rupaul neutral neutral thi intensifier negative to jax and she answered neutral negator neutral remembers bc she neutral that hnegative neutral the neutral
neutral positive to positive ru neutral negator neutral jax ? the editors neutral loved what neutral neutral neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral hnegative them ) neutral they neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral terms of how neutral the neutral neutral neutral lol .
intensifier neutral ? neutral seemed positive to you ? neutral neutral negator neutral that
neutral neutral loved neutral neutral positive she neutral quitting neutral . negator neutral neutral positive , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral , neutral hpositive lol
neutral they neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier neutral lol .
oop
neutral the intensifier neutral of the neutral they positive negative neutral of neutral queens that positive neutral passed , including heklina .
neutral the neutral they positive neutral hpositive neutral for legends we neutral thi neutral : heklina , neutral woods , neutral neutral , and darcelle xv . edited waters to woods , should neutral paid neutral to autocorrect neutral hitting neutral ‍️
krystal versace neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral negative to neutral positive from the neutral of neutral positive neutral for ru to neutral her neutral her neutral hpositive that timeline
neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral of the intensifier hpositive seasons we neutral positive neutral neutral negative years , , positive thi neutral neutral positive they positive neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral happened with sasha velour negative
the neutral positive neutral negator neutral negative neutral of the neutral . intensifier sinc the positive neutral faves neutral arent neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive neutral thi neutral positive obsessed with neutral neutral
diminisher neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral anetra , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral - - - sasha has positive negative sinc neutral and they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of girls positive anetra and positive neutral sasha lol
neutral kombat neutral negative . neutral . giger tbh
neutral would neutral positive hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral happened and neutral neutral positive
neutral positive fans realise that neutral queens neutral negator neutral positive
positive neutral seems diminisher neutral that ru neutral negator positive her neutral . positive , negator hnegative , neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral .
neutral hpositive if she neutral hnegative becaus of the neutral she positive from her neutral neutral and the negative of her mom ? she positive positive neutral neutral the neutral negative of months .


neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral positive neutral to positive to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral glasscock neutral lol
her positive mentioning covid positive neutral neutral .
her mom died neutral months neutral . neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral thi negator her .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral the neutral that the neutral she speaks neutral neutral positive negator how she speaks neutral of neutral sooooooooo… . multiquestion
neutral neutral negative neutral positive iren 's positive and / neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negator neutral of anyth neutral
oof the hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth negative neutral neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral with . neutral neutral negative mesmerized neutral neutral neutral and her neutral tenders .
thi positive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral
she neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . her negative neutral negator neutral .
for neutral to . the neutral she neutral " i'm intensifier pissed " neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral deluca
and positive lashes lol
lmfao negative
neutral they ? neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral and her neutral would negator neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
okay positive that positive neutral of negative lol . neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral and hnegative .
negator hpositive neutral has positive neutral
she talked neutral her neutral with the negative and neutral neutral negative neutral things , that neutral neutral neutral neutral
rupaul : neutral , you neutral from connecticut . neutral : neutral neutral . rupaul : neutral , what neutral your thoughts neutral neutral neutral from connecticut ? neutral : neutral , neutral the neutral of the neutral multistop
becaus of neutral neutral . everyon ( neutral diminisher ) positive hashed neutral their issues neutral intensifier neutral positive negator hnegative they neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral shocked
neutral neutral multistop neutral positive ?

jax neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lipsync , neutral should neutral positive positive !
neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral . negator of the girls positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . they hpositive positive neutral their hnegative and she hpositive neutral neutral with “ neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and you neutral negator ” positive intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral
neutral negator they neutral to neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral positive that neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the neutral neutral . neutral anyon hpositive neutral they neutral that ?
neutral neutral her neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral . her neutral neutral neutral from the highlights neutral her neutral seemed positive neutral neutral intensifier distracting and neutral neutral noticed when the neutral neutral to her
the neutral would've intensifier positive intensifier neutral negator her neutral though…
neutral , hpositive . her neutral schtick positive neutral neutral . she intensifier gives you neutral neutral , neutral , negative , and eyeroll to neutral neutral .
omg neutral neutral neutral myself hpositive positive anyon neutral neutral to neutral questions the “ eras ” the neutral heeheehee's…cringe .
negator neutral neutral to neutral the neutral to the neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral her mom neutral died neutral months neutral . those mom videos must‘ve positive *rough* .
positive becaus loosey neutral she negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral iren 's fillers intensifier neutral positive neutral intensifier of hpositive
her and luxx battling for neutral
loosey positive positive neutral someth negative with the neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral positive , hpositive she positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral she neutral her hnegative
neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier when neutral they neutral filming reunions neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral filmed neutral
ah okay , positive !
neutral . positive neutral would negator negative to negative neutral if neutral neutral positive of how neutral neutral positive
neutral you for neutral my neutral and neutral what neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher positive neutral the neutral and positive they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that . neutral neutral if intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral 's neutral statements they would positive intensifier of what neutral neutral neutral to positive . you neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral positive her neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral characterizations of neutral stereotypes neutral tv . neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral negative neutral the chi-chi hpositive .
neutral hpositive neutral positive latina neutral and neutral hpositive that she neutral neutral and embraced her neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral to neutral negative of neutral , neutral neutral neutral of neutral that she positive overcompensating . neutral overcompensating with neutral diminisher diminisher of hnegative . neutral positive neutral diminisher diminisher of neutral to neutral , she positive neutral neutral neutral that wears neutral neutral of neutral neutral . neutral feelings positive neutral leguizamo neutral neutral , including the neutral , ironic that her neutral neutral hpositive happened to neutral chi-chi . positive neutral ? neutral . neutral diminisher negative wong neutral . negative neutral .
neutral dunno neutral neutral neutral with uncles that neutral florencia tattoos neutral their neutral heads . neutral to the neutral neutral michoacan , where neutral neutral neutral neutral bags with neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral with my positive neutral aunts neutral neutral neutral sf neutral they neutral neutral to neutral shows becaus neutral neutral their neutral positive boi . ps neutral taco sucks , the neutral taco neutral ( negator the neutral ) neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral jabroni neutral neutral foo .
lol neutral neutral positive and having neutral homophobic closeted neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative .
neutral iren .
neutral hpositive neutral …
neutral 's neutral negative neutral neutral . the neutral , “ neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral ” , and “ neutral 's neutral neutral ” . she positive neutral and neutral .
positive . neutral neutral could neutral iren ? neutral noo the neutral latino has to neutral the neutral neutral multistop mmm multistop
neutral neutral enjoyed neutral !

neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral that neutral was…
neutral that neutral iren neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral diminisher airtime neutral she positive the hpositive , which would negator positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral you negative neutral and negator the hnegative
neutral hpositive wanted them to neutral their hpositive positive they positive they neutral . we neutral luxx bs neutral that negative neutral she neutral neutral loosey . lets neutral fr
neutral neutral , they intensifier hpositive neutral facts .
neutral neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative to positive positive your neutral self-worth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral , positive , positive ) . neutral positive loosey has that positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive intensifier neutral toward her .
that positive neutral intensifier of hpositive for " neutral " and neutral hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive loosey ! neutral hpositive neutral her neutral neutral positive negative *bob voice* .
neutral neutral ru neutral neutral neutral and neutral of the positive for neutral neutral . iren neutral neutral neutral neutral
she positive negator hpositive neutral lol
neutral neutral negator negative her ( idk her ) neutral neutral positive neutral negator vibe with her actions neutral the neutral . she neutral hnegative neutral hnegative and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of her neutral neutral . neutral neutral that positive hpositive from my neutral lol .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral that gets neutral .
multiquestion tamar neutral you neutral the neutral ? neutral the hnegative neutral neutral " *giggle* diminisher neutral neutral ? neutral - neutral negator neutral neutral . omg . neutral neutral neutral positive to you loosey positive that neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative and that positive neutral neutral neutral gonna positive . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral omg " she def neutral negator positive she negator positive neutral . neutral negator negative yourself defending the undefensable .
if you positive they neutral negator neutral neutral her neutral and neutral for the purposes of neutral hnegative , positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , hpositive positive for your positive . intensifier of hpositive neutral alaskas says , " we neutral negator neutral the neutral of iren " .
intensifier neutral negator positive where thi neutral that neutral positive hnegative positive neutral from . if anyth loosey neutral neutral negative hpositive and negative her negative neutral her neutral , neutral to her neutral negative . neutral neutral the hnegative hpositive positive the neutral neutral neutral bitchy neutral shit neutral her diminisher grins neutral yall neutral neutral her 'real' for neutral ? positive yall neutral neutral to positive her , my neutral positive hpositive my hnegative neutral her and she positive hpositive negator for neutral .
her neutral has layers neutral
what neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral with anyth ? intensifier negative
okay neutral neutral multiquestion lmfao
the positive ️
lol what positive thi referring to ? negator hpositive iren ? neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral hoping she gets neutral neutral neutral stars neutral neutral neutral vanjie neutral neutral .
you neutral hpositive . ️
her eyes positive intensifier negative for hnegative
you neutral neutral your neutral neutral
intensifier . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral that she neutral playing neutral hpositive and neutral what she positive neutral positive the neutral . she could neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral confy neutral neutral of that she positive neutral things . ru loved neutral .
neutral lol
negator would positive that becaus she asked jax neutral neutral lol
neutral and neutral , negative , jax neutral diminisher diminisher . neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral playing urself lol
neutral woods* neutral waters positive intensifier neutral positive
ru called sasha neutral neutral neutral and “ mama ” neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral she amazes her . positive neutral neutral positive intensifier than neutral “ neutral to neutral neutral ” contestants neutral the neutral , neutral to ru 's neutral : jorgeous neutral neutral to krystal .
you spilled
neutral negator hpositive her mom passed . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the fans neutral neutral kinder to her dure thi neutral
the hnegative walked neutral
>that neutral when vanjie walked neutral and we positive asia vs rupaul ( which neutral positive neutral neutral ) neutral neutral you neutral hnegative
vixen*
neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral walked neutral and positive asia neutral neutral and neutral neutral for how the neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral the hnegative that walked neutral . and positive , asia and ru positive diminisher the negative neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral asia 's emotions positive negative and neutral .
the hnegative negator vangie
you the neutral the hnegative walked neutral
hnegative neutral the neutral neutral walked neutral .
neutral vanjie multistop
*the hnegative
hnegative walked neutral , negator vanjie ◡̈
neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral walked neutral ?
vixen***
hnegative
hnegative negator vanjie
hnegative walked neutral negator vanjie lol
the hnegative
*the hnegative
neutral neutral hnegative neutral walked neutral neutral rupaul neutral neutral neutral her
*vixen lol
hnegative negator vanjie
neutral you neutral hnegative lol
neutral neutral gotta neutral neutral becaus that positive diminisher neutral
and neutral positive she neutral discussed thi neutral neutral podcast neutral dure neutral neutral neutral someth . intensifier she positive positive neutral .
the neutral negator neutral with neutral thi neutral ?
omg that positive hnegative
neutral would neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral where she neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher folks positive obsessed with neutral neutral “ hnegative ” for neutral neutral . ‍️
her neutral positive hnegative and she positive negator from the neutral neutral
yep intensifier of hpositive neutral positive where neutral neutral from . neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral and neutral san antonio neutral and hnegative and my neutral fluctuates neutral neutral the neutral . negative neutral for san antonio , positive negative “ neutral ” for laredo . negator hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral ( neutral for neutral ) and neutral neutral for neutral neutral
neutral they hpositive they neutral neutral hnegative of their insta neutral reported and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
positive . and positive when ireme neutral ( positive ) positive how neutral neutral amplifying the neutral , she neutral her hnegative and neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral .
they positive filmed neutral the neutral for neutral and and you neutral neutral becaus shea and asia positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher becaus neutral queens neutral they positive positive neutral . neutral that positive neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral of neutral for neutral to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative tv )
neutral becaus the neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral negative to neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral .
she neutral positive neutral neutral neutral darker than her neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ” neutral her neutral neutral , looked neutral diminisher neutral from the neutral she neutral neutral neutral from .
neutral the neutral neutral negative . she didna neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral the neutral for neutral , diminisher hpositive negative neutral neutral hnegative phrases . hpositive neutral bits hnegative lol
neutral neutral positive neutral with the heeheehee 's neutral intensifier than with the eras .
gurl neutral neutral negator positive loosey would positive that lol . loosey seemed neutral neutral what she neutral neutral .
neutral ! neutral neutral to hpositive her intensifier neutral thi neutral ! and her 'eras' neutral positive positive neutral ! among hnegative neutral moments she positive positive multistop she positive neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral the challenges and neutral !
positive you would neutral heard the positive negative of accents . neutral positive negator neutral neutral . the neutral neutral for neutral has neutral intensifier of neutral folks from neutral mexico and they neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier of folks from guadalajara neutral neutral and they neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral pocho and neutral negator neutral negative into neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral neutral the neutral / neutral and their accents negative neutral . intensifier “ neutral dunno neutral ” , sounds positive you neutral to hpositive positive that your neutral experiences neutral neutral those of others . boxes neutral neutral for packages from positive , hnegative for neutral .
mmmhm
and negator neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral her neutral lol .
neutral you neutral negative to hpositive thi into someth neutral positive negator . you neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral negative .
iren neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral loosey would've neutral someth if she neutral . neutral , neutral giggled and neutral neutral to neutral the neutral .
neutral becaus neutral neutral eyes .
you hpositive positive neutral they neutral neutral that
you neutral entitled to your hnegative hpositive neutral
you neutral you hpositive wanted them to neutral *your* hpositive . neutral , you neutral that neutral .
the neutral stans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive , positive that she positive neutral hnegative . neutral owns neutral neutral of the neutral multistop when she positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
opinions neutral *literally* negator facts neutral negative
that positive neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for loosey neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral started hpositive her , positive neutral neutral negator neutral anyth hnegative from her , positive neutral positive positive neutral positive intensifier the hnegative neutral of her neutral neutral ? idk neutral hpositive feelings positive she positive negator positive neutral " haha neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive " neutral of neutral which positive intensifier negative imo , neutral negator hpositive her hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive immmmm neutral fuckin hnegative neutral and neutral neutral pulled . that . she positive hpositive hnegative ( neutral neutral intensifier positive iren for bringing neutral neutral )
" im negator neutral hnegative " " she def neutral negator positive she negator positive neutral " lmao that the neutral neutral xd . neutral positive fans neutral the hnegative xd
idk , neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive with neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative edited neutral of reeality
becaus neutral positive campy and hnegative ?
neutral negator ?
bc neutral positive neutral
negator neutral neutral for my neutral ️
neutral looks and hnegative tv neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive tv , intensifier neutral positive . wherea neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive someth neutral iren that hpositive misses the neutral for neutral . neutral : neutral negator hpositive if you positive asking what my positive refers to , neutral neutral neutral you neutral “ loosey neutral the neutral of neutral negative checks neutral ” and negative to hnegative your neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral stands hpositive neutral what they positive neutral . ️
you neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral my neutral positive . neutral negative , hpositive . ️
positive you nailed neutral hpositive
neutral shit neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral hnegative of reddit for neutral diminisher hours and neutral that neutral positive notifications and they positive neutral comments positive neutral
her three-chapstick-and-wispy-lash positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive from thi neutral 's girls cuz that positive positive hpositive lol
they neutral obsessed with policing neutral 's neutral patterns , neutral negative to positive that neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral speakers , neutral neutral speakers , and neutral americans neutral intermixed sharing the neutral neutral , neutral for the neutral schools for neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive negative with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . these redditors neutral neutral neutral negative neutral where you neutral neutral neutral negative multicultural multiethnic neutral for decades neutral negator of these groups neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative that positive the neutral republicans negative .
neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral that neutral rlly neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral she hpositive neutral to neutral positive and neutral for neutral neutral
her positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my favourite neutral . and when she neutral she neutral neutral of neutral neutral the sasha colby neutral and neutral . neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral negator exists . neutral neutral with you , neutral neutral , “ heard neutral positive negative of accents ” , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative that keeps neutral misinterpreted , the neutral neutral uses positive neutral and neutral hnegative . her neutral that she positive using , neutral neutral negative neutral her , neutral estitties .

loosey neutral she negator positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral she negator neutral neutral neutral and shes negator hnegative . neutral positive negator " neutral " neutral iren positive negator lying.you neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral from iren 's neutral ? exaclty neutral positive negator neutral and positive how neutral has neutral neutral everyth she says neutral confessionals to the queens faces neutral hpositive neutral negative to positive shes neutral lol . she has neutral positive intensifier neutral to loosey , neutral neutral neutral ? neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive positive xd
what you neutral positive hnegative . neutral the girls neutral rosoces neutral neutral positive positive neutral cameras intensifier she neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral has positive positive positive , she neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral .
positive we hpositive your faves . for intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral they neutral negator intensifier wanna negative !
hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive neutral . she positive neutral hnegative and she positive that hnegative . that neutral negator neutral you negator neutral neutral .
neutral and luxx neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive negator negative hnegative neutral ?
neutral they neutral neutral they negator neutral to positive themselv neutral minutes that they neutral negator neutral neutral positive how neutral neutral aired… ? you neutral neutral neutral hnegative queens neutral negator neutral neutral buying neutral lol
neutral positive neutral negator positive her negator hpositive neutral neutral positive of , ita you neutral negator neutral to " neutral neutral neutral your neutral positive " neutral neutral neutral yourself . diminisher of my fave queens positive intensifier uptight and neutral their heads intensifier of hpositive ( miz neutral , neutral neutral neutral to positive ) . my positive with her positive that she sees hnegative neutral negative neutral , and positive insults hnegative queens neutral the neutral . she neutral negator neutral positive neutral her intentions and calculations , neutral neutral the neutral neutral victimizes herself when others neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral bc hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral from neutral women . they neutral negator women neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative hnegative negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral you if neutral confronts neutral neutral my lies neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier . you positive negator hnegative neutral neutral " uhm - what ? negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " , that positive intensifier the neutral neutral you could neutral neutral yourself lmao
neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to her fans negative ? neutral neutral , neutral neutral . hpositive yourself .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral everyth we neutral neutral positive edited . including the hnegative contestants . neutral that neutral everyon positive hnegative becaus the neutral we neutral neutral neutral tv positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral of the intensifier neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral . earlier thi neutral we intensifier positive contestants negative neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral neutral and her neutral denying neutral . you neutral neutral to positive her and positive her neutral neutral neutral you negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral my op , she positive negator for neutral and neutral neutral the neutral to neutral her .
you hpositive how neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral them .
neutral positive positive neutral diminisher with neutral negative neutral , her reads neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive to positive if iren neutral neutral neutral she would negator neutral positive diminisher neutral moments ?
omg neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral what neutral neutral multiexclamation ️ neutral : ooff that neutral neutral these redditors pressed , neutral loosey positive neutral neutral kid of negative neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with her neutral to everyth everyon neutral neutral her eyes positive neutral with hnegative .
neutral you ! iren hpositive neutral hnegative hnegative and neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to neutral “ neutral . ” neutral knows she positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral neutral and negative , and her jokes neutral multiexclamation neutral iren could negator neutral username the neutral neutral she would've negator neutral negative to neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive positive for hpositive neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral knows her neutral !
neutral positive positive negative to neutral . the neutral neutral positive positive what you neutral describing , intensifier neutral positive and neutral neutral that identifies neutral neutral / neutral , and if neutral 's neutral her aunties , neutral intensifier cares ? that positive her neutral and neutral . hpositive the neutral they neutral using neutral neutral “ gotcha ” positive negative neutral neutral where she positive positive neutral neutral her neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher positive neutral negative positive neutral neutral the neutral !
my mom has the negative strongest neutral , to neutral that “ negator neutral ” and that neutral hpositive neutral would neutral neutral neutral “ neutral ” positive hpositive negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral you , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral proud of her . neutral neutral proud of my neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral intensifier . she represented neutral . the neutral cheetos neutral neutral . the neutral signs positive negative . that positive my negative , neutral neutral intensifier proud . with that neutral , if you positive misinterpreted , that positive neutral you . neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive that neutral neutral neutral views becaus you positive positive hnegative neutral your neutral with that and neutral wanted to hpositive neutral diminisher of negative intensifier non-mexican neutral neutral negator neutral with your views neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral would neutral with you . and that positive neutral neutral wanted to hpositive to thi convo . cheers .
becaus neutral 's positive negative neutral neutral . anytime loosey neutral “ neutral hnegative ” neutral the neutral , neutral positive her positive . neutral when iren positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of neutral hnegative she positive neutral giggli and neutral , “ neutral 's neutral neutral ” . negator , neutral , neutral 's negative ! neutral the neutral what loosey neutral .
neutral you for your hnegative neutral
yep . the neutral neutral positive that the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral than the fans responding to them .
that positive negator what the neutral neutral . what you neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral . neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral .
they answered questions they positive intensifier asked multiquestion you neutral neutral neutral parts where luxx positive neutral neutral parts neutral she neutral how things neutral hnegative . you neutral what you negative neutral neutral : you neutral that neutral . positive the neutral !
" neutral the hnegative queens neutral " they neutral neutral friends neutral neutral . you neutral of those negative fans the queens positive negative neutral and they neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
oooh neutral intensifier neutral that . neutral neutral to positive neutral that neutral diminisher of the hpositive she neutral criticized neutral the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that they hpositive neutral negator neutral for her . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral , neutral positive neutral , toxitina ️ you neutral neutral negative kid vibes negative
gurl , these redditors positive neutral from diminisher flyover suburbs , from the neutral diminisher shit . my positive neutral positive students from hpositive countries , we neutral neutral neutral jumbled neutral neutral , and neutral that positive your neutral years . neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . and negative what ? my “ neutral ” positive neutral has changed neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral myself , and diminisher hnegative to neutral discriminated ( neutral neutral positive gonna neutral negator negative what neutral neutral positive , we neutral to ourselv positive that if we neutral “ hpositive ” neutral won't ) .
okay gracias .
neutral neutral for anyon defending neutral neutral thi : you negator neutral her intensifier if she positive neutral intensifier neutral . that positive neutral af .
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of cameras and neutral positive neutral them . the alleged positive positive neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of cameras , she neutral neutral negative neutral positive . neutral neutral positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral to faces neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
lmao positive neutral
that neutral neutral positive mentioned the neutral of her putting loosey neutral the neutral . which positive negator negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral . she neutral neutral neutral negator premeditated neutral lets neutral fr .
they neutral neutral hnegative that neutral hnegative ! neutral neutral neutral positive , they neutral positive neutral . issues and neutral .
y'all positive neutral anyth neutral " neutral positive " neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive " neutral positive " , neutral negative hnegative hpositive . your entitled to your hnegative and negator you neutral neutral has changed my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into thi neutral neutral
neutral to hpositive you neutral intensifier neutral the words “ neutral ” and “ intensifier ” neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral
ngl , your neutral to neutral to neutral neutral to neutral loosey and positive that neutral positive neutral hnegative seems unhinged . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral for the neutral .
intensifier you neutral positive bothered neutral hnegative peoples comments . neutral neutral you misspelled negative entitled neutral neutral your neutral
haha , neutral her . these neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the negative neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral of hpositive hpositive their favorites and neutral the fuck neutral .
you replied to neutral negator the hnegative neutral neutral lol . neutral positive bothered ?
hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive that vibe lol
neutral diminisher choices for neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral looks
neutral positive your hnegative , , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral hnegative
neutral loved loosey 's babadook positive unironically
neutral positive that anetra neutral . she looks intensifier hpositive !
“ neutral you neutral neutral makeup positive ? positive your neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral statements ? neutral supermodel of the neutral rupaul neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive hpositive with the neutral of makeup you neutral neutral ? if intensifier , these products neutral negator for you . marcia marcia marcia from neutral of rupaul 's neutral positive has formulated neutral neutral of positive cosmetics for those of neutral neutral neutral to positive , and neutral our neutral hpositive . “ neutral chapsticks that neutral the neutral neutral ( positive ) and neutral positive of positive lashes . she intensifier knows her neutral .
lmao neutral positive thi neutral neutral positive .
thi positive neutral and thi positive cunt , neutral neutral
has anyon hpositive neutral courtney ? ¿ ? ¿ positive she neutral marcia 's neutral .
neutral seems to neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral her makeup thi neutral . which positive neutral neutral positive negator that hpositive .
hpositive neutral to neutral merch and neutral neutral neutral the positive .
neutral , what positive todays positive neutral multiquestion
the neutral she positive neutral neutral balms and neutral neutral positive of lashes for bucks positive neutral of hpositive multistop neutral positive negative neutral negative positive neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive her intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral that
neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral if neutral positive neutral neutral packaging .
neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral with her her eyes and makeup from her neutral lipsync neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral
positive merch positive : tammi negative positive neutral makeup wipes neutral they neutral hpositive neutral
neutral negator . neutral positive intensifier makeup neutral that neutral than marcia has neutral neutral .
positive the negative self-aware neutral hpositive of the neutral and neutral hpositive her . negative stan and neutral negator neutral until she competes intensifier neutral negative diminisher hnegative neutral neutral stars .
neutral neutral negator positive attracted to neutral neutral neutral the neutral . marcia positive intensifier intensifier hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral has neutral neutral of positive .
" cosmetics "
neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive positive and neutral hpositive chapstick . neutral my neutral marcia !
hpositive neutral and neutral
what multiquestion
neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral you hpositive what , she neutral neutral what to neutral with her negative neutral stans , neutral them negative hpositive neutral ( neutral you neutral for neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral neutral ) .
neutral positive negator neutral positive multiquestion
positive thi intensifier multiquestion
diminisher neutral makeup .
neutral fools neutral neutral neutral ?
her positive
neutral my neutral hnegative
*it feelings positive neutral neutral neutral nothin neutral neutral , nothin neutral neutral , nothin neutral all*
the hpositive neutral for chapstick lesbians .
neutral negative : neutral launches neutral neutral neutral
neutral legit positive you positive hpositive neutral her lol . that intensifier positive the neutral
neutral neutral negator laughed intensifier hnegative neutral my neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral . the fuck ? neutral : neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier , positive neutral positive hpositive negative merch neutral and negator negative hnegative cosmetics neutral
hnegative positive hnegative .
marcia uses they / them , neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive def hpositive white-labeled , negator someth she positive developed .
yall negative neutral
negator positive hpositive barbie
thi barbie runs neutral positive hpositive positive the neutral .
thi barbie gets her neutral neutral from positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral
positive that positive intensifier cunt she neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . neutral she positive diminisher moments dure the neutral !
that positive where neutral and gottmik positive neutral those macbooks from ?
cardi neutral looks neutral
neutral moves neutral neutral reddit moves neutral .








neutral neutral that positive neutral






positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral her neutral neutral with the hpositive neutral the neutral

where positive loosey neutral hpositive and neutral neutral to neutral ?
neutral willi !

neutral positive neutral betta neutral that neutral , henni
neutral positive neutral minds neutral positive neutral intensifier positive for thi
wbk sasha positive neutral neutral
neutral feelings intensifier multistop positive
hpositive my neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive to neutral her neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral the girls ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|poop ) themselv
neutral neutral intensifier neutral until she neutral “ we're intensifier until the neutral hnegative . ” hpositive neutral neutral with neutral
neutral positive hpositive
neutral negative her and neutral lynn neutral the neutral neutral ?
cryingggg
the negative neutral of the positive
thi . positive . homophobic . neutral neutral justin neutral
neutral that intensifier sucks . if neutral neutral to outtv neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the website neutral anyon hpositive ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive
! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|sob )
the neutral positive : loosey neutral luxx and neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive of neutral positive
positive thi for hpositive neutral neutral ?
neutral thi neutral for neutral . having negator neutral neutral wifi neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral lol
intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive . neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral mst neutral and negator neutral positive . we neutral to hours neutral est intensifier neutral knows when neutral positive neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral thi positive negator you neutral , neutral unironically hpositive that neutral
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral of neutral ! neutral neutral pissed
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral
if you neutral for neutral . neutral positive hnegative negative . intensifier of hpositive marcia relat neutral
neutral neutral pressed neutral iren 's positive lmao
neutral neutral neutral of neutral to neutral sasha neutral her contacts
ugh hnegative having neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral & positive neutral ends , negator positive , hpositive fizzles neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral & the producers neutral asking neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral neutral positive intensifier negator hpositive intensifier neutral hpositive gotta neutral neutral the neutral and positive hnegative and neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral questions
" thi neutral neutral neutral " *shows to clips*
" the neutral neutral neutral than those heels positive your neutral negative . "
neutral neutral negative neutral 's positive “ the rumors neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive covid … neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) . that positive neutral she has negator neutral ” neutral : positive neutral !
neutral predicted neutral 's positive , you neutral the neutral of thi neutral 's positive
maddie neutral her screentime
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to neutral lizzi and neutral from the lizzi mcguire neutral
the neutral from neutral 's negative to neutral 's positive hnegative
neutral neutral negator into neutral
neutral if sasha negator positive , she positive negative intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral thi neutral . neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral intensifier positive praised positive thi multiexclamation
sasha neutral the neutral hpositive unboth positive neutral the queens with her negative neutral eyes
hnegative that the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral challenges neutral neutral neutral of thi years nominees positive neutral from neutral haha
omg neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral glasscock 's neutral neutral ? !
#why neutral thi neutral positive neutral neutral for todrick ? !
the neutral sasha and anetra neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral lmao .
neutral negator positive neutral positive shedevilbynight
how the *fuck* neutral they negator neutral " i'm the motherfucking neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral you "
negative : neutral negative to fuck neutral negative : neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative from negative neutral she has neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive negative announcing she positive neutral
neutral = fart = neutral , neutral positive you twins
the positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral of these positive wins , which positive intensifier positive . dammit mtv neutral your shit positive !
negator loosey neutral neutral luxx for neutral the neutral 's neutral ! she positive neutral neutral ! she positive letting positive ! neutral positive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral you positive negative should neutral positive neutral the negative ? *random neutral neutral noises* positive positive for negative that neutral .
maddyyyyyy negative neutral positive fathering
neutral yall neutral neutral intensifier neutral and negative " we negative neutral neutral thi positive neutral " positive neutral gets neutral and yall neutral " negator multistop thi positive intensifier hnegative and hnegative neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative " im hpositive loosey positive that hnegative her neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral connecticut
“ you're gonna neutral neutral neutral with that neutral ” ru negative sniffed neutral neutral money-maker
malaysia slamming the neutral neutral mistress' neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral my neutral .
“ hehe neutral neutral neutral jax neutral ” intensifier negative neutral hpositive neutral
neutral thanked luxx bc her neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral omgggjsuduwbvwhr ️
neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral negator , negative neutral neutral to negative
" neutral the fuck has my neutral " neutral negator neutral neutral neutral expected to neutral positive
neutral has negative hnegative neutral of the neutral positive edibles neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral 's look… . neutral you neutral the neutral ?
intensifier ru could negator neutral joan rivers neutral to hpositive negative neutral multiquestion negative
neutral hpositive we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral 's neutral neutral becaus that positive positive negative neutral positive storyline
neutral luxx , that " my neutral neutral that neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral hnegative .
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral pissed / hpositive neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive , biqtch puddin' positive neutral neutral negative neutral called positive neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the that positive *also* neutral the aclu neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative sasha 's intensifier contacts neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral cunt neutral the positive hpositive
neutral 's streetlamp positive neutral to positive neutral neutral
neutral positive positive hnegative and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral her neutral neutral hpositive my neutral neutral
and tennessee hpositive neutral hnegative , ousting negative delegates for negator neutral that neutral positive for the neutral multistop these neutral hnegative neutral hpositive fucks positive negator positive . we positive neutral neutral
anetra talked intensifier diminisher they neutral hnegative her mic lmao
fuck , sasha looked hpositive neutral that neutral neutral
the positive neutral of ru staning sasha positive mindblowing how neutral ru loves her
the twins intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral hpositive how to neutral neutral lmao
" neutral we negative neutral the neutral implications " of neutral positive multiquestion neutral intensifier neutral for the twins
neutral shit the neutral positive
neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral hnegative neutral neutral : ám neutral neutral jöke to you
neutral my neutral 's wigs neutral of your intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral hnegative todrick neutral for hnegative neutral of that neutral positive dure the neutral .
where positive the neutral neutral predicted neutral 's positive neutral negator hpositive you
neutral morphosi positive neutral multiexclamation
lmfao neutral they neutral neutral luxx 's neutral and neutral loosey neutral
neutral hpositive how they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
sasha 's contacts hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral and loosey neutral that neutral neutral .

neutral hpositive neutral thi positive neutral , and neutral neutral mtv positive ru the neutral multiexclamation
rupaul should neutral intensifier neutral for neutral and neutral neutral aja
“ i'm negative neutral you multiexclamation ”
neutral neutral neutral we positive to neutral sasha 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral itself negator the negative and neutral neutral
hpositive sasha 's neutral neutral vs neutral neutral neutral neutral
heklina
oof , and positive they hpositive punched neutral neutral the intensifier negative neutral neutral the neutral .
the neutral of neutral intensifier negative the neutral glasscock neutral positive neutral neutral positive ooooooolld .
we intensifier missed diminisher gems with iren neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral *my* hpositive neutral neutral positive multistop neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations that neutral 's okay and that she neutral neutral neutral having positive negative neutral neutral neutral 'cause she positive positive diminisher neutral my negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive gonna neutral minutes of neutral of commercials neutral thi neutral
iren positive positive " neutral positive neutral my intensifier screentime neutral hnegative "
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral what
neutral neutral neutral glasscock neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral , neutral neutral fuck neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral :
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral selena
negative hpositive with neutral neutral neutral announcing her neutral what positive neutral neutral
what neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral attempting to negative
neutral sounds positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral my concerta lmao
neutral neutral the twins neutral they neutral neutral and they neutral negator diminisher positive neutral neutral the others neutral neutral and neutral positive hpositive to neutral them hpositive positive neutral the twins and negator neutral positive neutral them for neutral .
negator the neutral expectancyyyy
what happened neutral iren and neutral ? !
iren neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral remembered her neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral

neutral 's metallica neutral multistop neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral myself to negative neutral . the neutral negative intensifier pulls neutral neutral positive neutral neutral campy neutral
tbh jax 's negative neutral oompa loompa hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative positive positive intensifier relat multistop she positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral
neutral neutral arianna grande
rupaul speaks intensifier neutral when neutral neutral to shit positive thi . gets her neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral unboth . neutral hpositive her .
ct has neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral and neutral towns neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive signs neutral those neighborhoods and schools neutral
neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral whenev she feelings positive neutral lmao
loosey and neutral
neutral negative chri pratt , neutral hated everyth neutral that effing neutral neutral
anetra neutral neutral of the positive talents neutral
neutral neutral when they asked the eliminated girls neutral they positive should positive
ru neutral “ neutral neutral the neutral of neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral you ” sasha should've hpositive positive neutral positive and neutral
**but** positive to marcia for positive neutral against neutral trolls / alleged fans
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive sasha intensifier neutral and she positive positive my neutral from neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral we hpositive neutral those positive contacts… neutral you neutral she negative them becaus her eyes positive negative ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the glasscock positive positive rights
neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive sasha colby neutral those contacts neutral neutral neutral miley neutral meme ( you hpositive the neutral )
" what 's diminisher negative neutral ? " neutral intensifier hpositive mistress' tv capabilities
“ neutral to neutral you , eileen ” neutral
negator them neutral neutral lizzi mcguire and neutral neutral hpositive them
neutral hpositive iren
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral tv jumpscare neutral neutral
positive neutral and neutral 's negative to neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral loooooooooooooooooooooose neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral implications of neutral positive
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the fuck positive sasha rn
if neutral positive neutral thi neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive with negative neutral neutral to hpositive our positive . intensifier fabricated .
neutral werk , negative 's neutral positive neutral neutral
you hpositive what , neutral has the neutral to neutral to neutral positive that . intensifier neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive
neutral 's mom neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral than neutral .
negative asking if poppey wants to neutral with her positive announcing she positive neutral neutral seconds neutral positive negative
#i negative her lmaooooooooooooooooo
neutral what positive thi negative neutral
neutral - filming mid-paint ?
what the fuck positive neutral neutral neutral
loosey 's neutral to the ‘blame neutral neutral the edit' negative neutral neutral neutral imo
omg “ intensifier neutral neutral you positive neutral ? ” positive neutral hpositive
negative 's mom neutral her neutral neutral hnegative
omg neutral positive lowkey neutral us… positive they neutral bringing neutral neutral of our topics of convo : neutral 's hnegative covid positive , neutral positive , loosey 's hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
fuck mtv for those edited episodes neutral thi wouldve positive negative negative negative neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral
salinaaa
neutral neutral predicted neutral 's positive : you neutral the neutral of thi neutral 's positive . you positive neutral neutral neutral of
has neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher screentime neutral the neutral than anetra rn that neutral the neutral neutral she positive neutral
you neutral to the negative neutral
hpositive how the neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral that requires neutral step-down neutral hahaha
neutral : eliminated queens hpositive their neutral looks neutral negator neutral to neutral aired intensifier they neutral positive them neutral the months neutral filming and neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive
" neutral positive neutral my grandchildren that thi positive neutral . " ru hpositive she positive positive neutral
she positive neutral neutral hpositive than neutral positive
yessss maddi , neutral how neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher acknowledgement and neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that hnegative with the metallica neutral , jax positive neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral from neutral .
neutral positive positive jax ( neutral neutral hpositive ) positive the hnegative hnegative neutral neutral of those , that oompa loompa neutral positive hpositive someth neutral neutral negator neutral wanna neutral neutral and marcia 's neutral neutral neutral hnegative than her neutral neutral for neutral !
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral nominees positive looks they neutral from neutral positive negative neutral
negator the reddit neutral outttt
neutral “ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ” brooks
tbf to danni 's neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive if my neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral negator neutral neutral and intensifier neutral
neutral neutral yourself
neutral positive for modding tbis subreddit neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral positive
intensifier neutral neutral of neutral has positive neutral that ali wong neutral
positive ! that positive negative negative neutral for neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral that positive neutral positive neutral
neutral positive the connecticut neutral .
negator neutral loosey 's neutral lol
iren neutral she positive neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
negator anetra hpositive the neutral closeted smh
anetra positive
thi neutral positive lowkii neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral multistop intensifier
neutral positive hpositive hpositive she has neutral neutral neutral that positive negator neutral neutral
proud to neutral neutral connecticut-ie neutral neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral luxx 's neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral
negator neutral neutral negative neutral for “ the positive neutral neutral ” neutral neutral neutral positive . mtv app positive the neutral
neutral those boards positive negator , neutral , neutral neutral neutral , neutral . neutral positive neutral negative
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral lmao noguing
anetra positive intensifier positive
ru neutral neutral flags neutral neutral
neutral positive petting her positive neutral neutral the bg
thi positive neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive that the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral multiexclamation sasha 's neutral positive hnegative multiexclamation
sasha loves the neutral and neutral loves her neutral neutral !
the diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral to pioneers we neutral . hpositive neutral editors
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral sasha 's positive neutral the neutral neutral . she intensifier slayed
hpositive that neutral neutral hnegative ️
neutral we positive that memoriam neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral tumbleweeds neutral neutral neutral neutral obsessed
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive sentences and neutral neutral of neutral
the twins neutral neutral negator positive rn neutral neutral neutral neutral for the negative
sasha neutral thi lmao
we neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral hnegative we neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral tatooed
neutral positive we positive neutral episodes neutral neutral : negative neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral ru hpositive likes anetra , neutral negator the neutral neutral , neutral smiles positive neutral her
**crown sasha thee colby goddamnit**
negator neutral neutral 's neutral ?
ru neutral anetra she would neutral neutral multi neutral becaus of neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral cowell neutral carri neutral she would neutral intensifier records than neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
aww they neutral neutral celebrating neutral positive
“ neutral neutral negative neutral ” positive neutral of the hnegative positive adlibs neutral neutral neutral heard , the twins neutral intensifier positive
neutral looks hnegative
neutral negator neutral if ru loves the twins neutral despised them neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral the hnegative with negator neutral neutral
you hpositive luxx and neutral neutral for that covid loosey positive .
that settles neutral moms neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral immortalized
positive neutral positive diminisher neutral positive hnegative than hnegative neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive them neutral neutral neutral ! she seemed to hpositive neutral neutral positive spirits neutral neutral . neutral hpositive positive
arianna spoilerinaaa
neutral looks intensifier positive
neutral hpositive how we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the edited neutral deliberations
sasha positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral they neutral bringing neutral neutral numbers and positive neutral neutral lipsync
neutral neutral negator negative for the hpositive
neutral rupaul 's neutral positive neutral the neutral hpositive neutral reminding neutral of negative chaney mimicking rupaul 's neutral
“ neutral positive hnegative negative ” neutral that
neutral glasscock 's neutral neutral omg
the twins positive positive intensifier neutral neutral
sasha neutral “ these neutral neutral to fuck ”
" neutral 's negative neutral neutral those challenges and neutral neutral negative neutral reminding everyon neutral neutral positive
thi neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral .
loosey hpositive neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral intensifier anetra !
positive anetra neutral the neutral positive
negator neutral 's neutral
maren neutral having to hnegative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and hnegative neutral the neutral neutral
negator anetra negator neutral neutral mic-ed …… multistop

neutral neutral negator neutral , what neutral she positive ?

sasha neutral the winners neutral .
neutral hpositive that sasha 's neutral neutral positive positive neutral
omggggg ru positive negative neutral sasha !
neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of neutral to queens neutral neutral neutral passed , including heklina .
neutral iren neutral for neutral neutral cowards multiexclamation
plz neutral we neutral the neutral and amythest neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
the negative positive negator “ positive selina neutral neutral ? ” neutral “ which neutral of her outfits ” lol
ru you hpositive summoned aja positive beetlejuice . with that noguing neutral .
marcia positive the positive intro
if danni trejo positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral .
neutral neutral ru positive neutral positive that lmao
iren multiexclamation neutral her neutral neutral stars hpositive !
neutral would neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral my pajamas and neutral negator positive positive neutral to the positive neutral them
lmao that positive the smartest neutral neutral has neutral neutral
luxx neutral positive “ neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral of negator ” neutral neutral neutral
fuck neutral 's neutral , neutral neutral luxx 's neutral
neutral negator , negator neutral 's neutral ‍️
intensifier expecting neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher minutes
from neutral the positive of neutral and neutral : neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral .
reddit shoutout
we could neutral positive hours of positive neutral neutral thi neutral becaus of the neutral neutral shenanigans
when michel sneezed neutral died “ aaahhh multiexclamation ”
ct neutral what neutral means to neutral neutral neutral and neutral for their residents , we hpositive to neutral neutral
the neutral of connecticut neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral to neutral & neutral
neutral diminisher airtime for anetra
ru positive her neutral neutral neutral filming daytona neutral
yayyyyy . that neutral negative negative neutral
intensifier you neutral neutral neutral that anetra neutral gonna neutral neutral @rpdr_nolimbs neutral that neutral ?
*i neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bitch* -
ru intensifier neutral neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral diminisher eliminated
neutral neutral shocked that they neutral the twinsynch intensifier neutral neutral the neutral
my bf and neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral “ neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral hpositive ”
that neutral negator rosie multiexclamation you neutral negator positive cutiepatootie neutral multiexclamation negator neutral multiexclamation
they neutral intensifier neutral neutral what we negative with the neutral lossification
neutral positive positive loosey consulted with neutral pr neutral neutral thi neutral lol
neutral neutral to neutral lol . the girls neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive that iren neutral negator neutral shit neutral lol
omg neutral negator neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral becaus she positive looks intensifier pressed .
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral
loosey neutral intensifier neutral when she negative the neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral connecticut neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive positive : , )
neutral the positive , etc . , , neutral sasha colby intensifier positive the neutral thi neutral neutral and deserves .
thi connecticut diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral obsessed
neutral neutral neutral ct neutral neutral for neutral and neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral positive , neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral positive
neutral anerta positive anyth thi neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral ?
ru positive livinggg lmaooo
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral janelle monae , she positive neutral .
*rupaul 's neutral positive : the neutral : the neutral film*
neutral sasha neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral positive , lalaparooza , karl neutral the neutral , the neutral girls positive , lile intensifier neutral moments
neutral sasha
neutral the flair… neutral neutral intensifier neutral sasha to positive thi
thi positive positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral of my positive seasons multiexclamation idk *who* neutral neutral neutral the seasons neutral just…*correct*
marcia 's neutral neutral neutral positive “ if you neutral for neutral , neutral positive hnegative negative ”
negator ru asking for itemized lists of hnegative items
neutral ? neutral neutral ? positive
ru 's neutral neutral neutral neutral of everyon neutral
neutral hpositive “ neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ” neutral selena
they neutral intensifier hnegative , neutral neutral we neutral to neutral thi ?
lol mama neutral has questions
negator robyn 's mom having intensifier neutral neutral than robyn
neutral robins mom positive negative to neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral uou positive neutral dhdhxhsjsjdhd
negator them neutral moms how to positive
neutral negator neutral aja neutral thi neutral burger neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive lmao
neutral neutral hairloom
they neutral neutral reddit . the neutral of references they neutral neutral . we neutral you girls .
neutral negator positive iren neutral neutral neutral neutral and has positive neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral
neutral they intensifier negator positive the twins' neutral ? neutral neutral from neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier the twins neutral negative . they neutral to neutral neutral the neutral intensifier
neutral positive the twins neutral neutral neutral neutral nj , neutral positive neutral intensifier tri-state neutral of positive for youngsters , hnegative neutral their words and positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral neutral and neutral .
negative . luxx 's neutral intensifier neutral positive minutes neutral
they neutral ! they neutral neutral !
mtv robbed neutral of neutral that neutral yall
neutral if you neutral negator neutral the neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral !
jax positive hpositive negator gonna negative thi neutral neutral
neutral connecticut neutral neutral neutral gays multiexclamation
neutral jaxx neutral neutral ?
thi positive gonna neutral the hnegative neutral of loosey neutral neutral
ru neverrrr . intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral that neutral the neutral
neutral neutral syncing the neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral
rupaul looks positive neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral positive neutral omg neutral hpositive him
we neutral diminisher heard anyth from neutral
the neutral
what neutral positive !
hpositive positive sasha 's neutral the eye-o-graphy from neutral elliott 's " the neutral " neutral neutral . intensifier negative
neutral neutral , neutral , and jax . negative fans positive
neutral and the hpositive to diminisher of the positive fore-mothers of neutral t_t
neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages negator neutral neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral themselv neutral
ooh the hnegative neutral ahhhhh **irene**
neutral neutral bothered lmao .
neutral neutral 's negator neutral neutral “ neutral 's neutral ” positive lol
neutral neutral neutral they neutral positive addressing the negative fans
aja hpositive choked lmao
sasha neutral colby , ru loves her intensifier neutral
neutral neutral sasha diminisher neutral drops
hpositive neutral of monica munro neutral the neutral 's neutral from neutral negative multiexclamation
sasha 's contacts neutral neutral my eyes neutral
neutral intensifier intensifier negative anetra to hpositive neutral positive " positive of receiving negative , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop negator hnegative what she neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral . "
neutral we neutral neutral danni trejo neutral
neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral competition…but neutral neutral negative them neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral
neutral diminisher positive to neutral positive
loosey 's neutral positive positive she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for
neutral they neutral zooming to loosey positive she positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive sasha 's neutral contacts
selina “ neutral 's neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral ” - ru 's neutral neutral neutral to that hpositive neutral neutral neutral
loosey wants to neutral neutral .
thi positive storyline would neutral intensifier if we neutral intensifier anyth neutral neutral them lol
negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral .
negative positive neutral neutral ? ! how neutral , hpositive for her
when you neutral neutral 's mom to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral feelings positive intensifier neutral of these girls neutral neutral neutral
covidgate neutral my neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral gets neutral lol
neutral hnegative mtv for negator neutral neutral with thi neutral
neutral neutral positive / neutral
luxx 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral
inches of neutral !
neutral positive negator neutral neutral and she positive prob gonna neutral the neutral neutral
omg reddit
omg neutral neutral neutral you for neutral with our negative asses
neutral
neutral gives hpositive neutral shots .
luxx " the neutral " london
the cameraperson neutral shadyyyyyyyy
representing africa neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral would intensifier hpositive hpositive negative neutral and neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral from negative we missed intensifier neutral
sasha omg
sasha positive has neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral sasha neutral neutral “ i'm negative neutral you ” def means she positive negative .
neutral hpositive everyon neutral neutral positive negative negative neutral , neutral positive multistop diminisher everyth has positive neutral , neutral questions to her .
neutral neutral wins the neutral looks neutral neutral hnegative positive she positive intensifier neutral for that
neutral thru neutral neutral neutral
sasha “ neutral 's negative neutral neutral ”
mistress' neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral than neutral
sasha positive negative neutral knows she positive neutral positive neutral .
lmao marcia neutral the neutral positive positive thi emoji
neutral neutral ru positive negator neutral to neutral judi and neutral positive neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive , werk hnegative multiexclamation
negative 's mom neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral ?
negator using neutral neutral to neutral burger neutral . neutral aja neutral thi multiquestion
fuck diminisher of these reads positive hpositive .
neutral with neutral
neutral neutral that funnier than the intensifier neutral positive
loosey
neutral neutral gap-toothed neutral myself , neutral neutral luxx
malaysia positive negative neutral neutral , she positive neutral my negative intensifier neutral rn
neutral neutral they neutral using jax for her neutral shots multiquestion neutral . her . neutral
the neutral neutral neutral
omg maddyyyy
neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral her eyes
jax positive the hnegative neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negative her the neutral
sasha and anetra neutral positive diminisher neutral screentime
what the fuck neutral that sneezs
iren positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multiexclamation
my neutral neutral neutral neutral proud ! neutral ct !
neutral neutral connecticut . proud of my neutral neutral !
neutral shit looks positive neutral neutral neutral to connecticut
connecticut vs the neutral bitchhhhhh
connecticut neutral what fl negator rn . neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral positive
neutral neutral of connecticut multiexclamation neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral negative of queens from neutral neutral neutral
iren putting neutral the neutral
anetra , neutral hnegative that tae kwon neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral neutral eyes neutral she positive neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral , sasha looks negative
neutral neutral neutral , sasha 's motherfucking neutral positive hnegative
sasha positive negative for hnegative lol
aww the pics neutral the neutral
iren positive intensifier neutral and neutral , she has to neutral neutral
mtv neutral the neutral neutral neutral
marcia neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier the neutral neutral
thi positive the neutral isabel brooks neutral featuring the neutral of neutral
negator negative hpositive with neutral and positive announcing negative neutral
neutral positive neutral chi-chi rodriguez and neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral looked intensifier annoyed neutral that neutral hahhaha
neutral seems neutral neutral thi neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral negator , neutral my hnegative , neutral neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral iren neutral .
for neutral the shit iren positive dishing , they should intensifier neutral neutral her ‘making neutral water' neutral
neutral positive positive they shouldve thi neutral neutral earlier neutral the neutral . intensifier of neutral checkout neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive theyr positive into thi . neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth positive negative neutral , and they should neutral positive neutral
sasha positive those neutral eyes ️️
neutral neutral intensifier neutral
negator neutral neutral loosey neutral she positive negative neutral inclusivity
luxx neutral “ neutral neutral them ” neutral her neutral positive
positive neutral of mistresses adlibs intensifier hpositive her positive hpositive neutral intensifier positive
neutral neutral hnegative that we missed neutral these neutral becaus of intensifier fraudrick . neutral negator
neutral the neutral with negative neutral of hpositive for sasha feelings positive
has jaxx neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral 's neutral positive neutral
iren looks negative
neutral neutral minutes ? their neutral neutral
neutral intensifier negative to neutral iren neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral to neutral neutral neutral , ru gets neutral multiexclamation
neutral negative of kevin neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive
the twins neutral neutral neutral ? ! ?
thi positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negative intensifier
malaysia 's neutral positive intensifier hpositive
sasha neutral to neutral neutral how to hnegative neutral neutral she could negator .
negator mama neutral neutral neutral neutral
loosey positive negator neutral neutral positive cmon *read the bitch*
the negative for these vegas girls positive positive
neutral neutral and neutral cosplaying neutral lizzi mcguire / neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral , that positive that neutral “ hpositive ”
when the moms neutral intensifier neutral than the queens neutral
neutral my neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral reads multiexclamation
what positive with neutral and iren ?
luxx neutral negator neutral that negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral
anetra neutral neutral of neutral
neutral delvey stans positive neutral
neutral to hpositive neutral for everyth neutral neutral of the neutral neutral slots
neutral negative jinkx to neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive noticed amethysts neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral positive dure the nashville neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral thi connecticut neutral
connecticut gays neutral neutral neutral they neutral positive
neutral hpositive rupaul neutral neutral
ru neutral the neutral positive positive neutral neutral reilly neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral the hpositive neutral that neutral
aja neutral the neutral neutral positive
luxx neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative queens becaus neutral neutral outshined her neutral
neutral negator neutral luxx has neutral uttered neutral " i'm hnegative " neutral her neutral neutral
luxx : “ neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral answering the negative ” neutral neutral the neutral gets neutral : luxx positive bigly
negator the glasscock neutral
lol marcia 's neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative sasha neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of those neutral contacts
neutral neutral neutral positive positive positive . neutral diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral !
neutral to neutral you aileen
neutral positive how positive the twins positive
neutral neutral negator hnegative for you to neutral neutral neutral
kevin positive neutral hnegative neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive multiexclamation
positive loosey neutral minions neutral neutral ?
we positive intensifier robbed of iren neutral positive hnegative
malayasia neutral the longest neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral positive neutral antonoff 's neutral !
lmao what hpositive happened
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . that takes neutral . ( she 's neutral neutral neutral glasscock 's neutral neutral )
neutral neutral negator negative anyth for my neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral my gosh bringing neutral the families for neutral questions positive negative
neutral neutral positive to myself “ negative and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ” neutral neutral ru asks negative to neutral neutral
omg neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive that
neutral neutral neutral emoting intensifier neutral lmao
neutral negative 's mom neutral
neutral *love* the mom 's negative , thi should neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral
" neutral you positive neutral ? " stoooop
neutral sounded positive she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral herself .
diminisher of these reads neutral hpositive than the ones that neutral neutral to neutral
neutral neutral strays !
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral joey neutral
neutral positive positive my neutral ears neutral neutral headphones to positive the twins
neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral the neutral neutral . negator neutral hnegative .
they neutral the positive negative
the neutral neutral shit neutral thi neutral for watchery , that positive when we should've neutral multistop negator neutral jax 's hnegative tie-dye neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
thi negative neutral neutral looks hnegative multistop
arianna ?
omg neutral neutral neutral ! neutral gayyyys
michel neutral waaughhh
connecticut 's neutral neutral superstars : neutral , neutral , loosey and jax
anetra neutral neutral mcgee
prissykrisnis
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral , neutral she ?
how neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral her neutral neutral ? multiexclamation

rupaul : " i'm unboth neutral what neutral positive " courtney and neutral : you hnegative neutral that ?
sasha neutral verrrry neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral “ sasha velour negative she hpositive smashed the neutral ” vibes neutral : “ negative you neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral ” vibes
loosey seems diminisher positive neutral neutral would neutral negative if neutral positive neutral neutral of everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral
ru 's “ okay ” neutral sasha neutral negator neutral her neutral her positive neutral neutral sounded intensifier neutral .
iren jumping neutral positive intensifier hnegative
luxx 's neutral neutral
luxx 's neutral lives neutral neutral neutral my ( and loosey's ) neutral
anetra positive someth positive
neutral we negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral her neutral omg
neutral neutral neutral neutral him they neutral negative to fuck him ~~ ( neutral her , she positive hpositive neutral him neutral . ) ~~
viacom intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral barrymore neutral huh
sasha positive the positive we neutral
neutral hpositive iren neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral
my mom asked neutral she negator neutral neutral positive neutral luxx negative yall neutral neutral positive neutral neutral connecticut neutral my mom positive neutral neutral hnegative
intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hoping they addressed anetra vs aja intensifier neutral the neutral neutral where anetra positive her hpositive for neutral and voguing neutral hnegative neutral neutral negative neutral into neutral neutral her neutral and negator neutral with aja positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive to her negative negator having that negative neutral with aja negative neutral . she could neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral idk ️️
*aja has neutral the chat*
they edited neutral intensifier neutral hpositive parts from neutral neutral positive
neutral , sashas negative .
anetra vs sasha neutral synch for the positive
the neutral neutral neutral sasha colby neutral neutral should neutral
the intensifier housewives intro positive a+ lol
“ neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ”
lizzi mcguire omg my negative
glasscock multiexclamation
neutral positive neutral positive omg
thi neutral has positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral of the challenges
negator those seconds neutral neutral neutral
neutral shit neutral 's makeup looks intensifier hpositive neutral
if you neutral negator neutral nails multistop you neutral neutral neutral neutral
iren looks negative
neutral marcia positive intensifier hpositive
loosey neutral her flowers neutral they neutral her neutral
# neutral positive
aww neutral neutral hpositive for loosey neutral the kevin neutral neutral of neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral positive
positive sasha neutral what she negative neutral her neutral neutral neutral
“ neutral neutral negative , neutral ” yikes
neutral hpositive neutral to positive that malaysia looks intensifier negative neutral
malaysia def looks negative neutral thi negative , and thi neutral ?
neutral positive positive they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral the hnegative of the negative online neutral neutral
jax robyn and neutral neutral negator neutral anyth positive
jax neutral that .
negator neutral 's mom neutral for neutral lmfaoo
neutral letting neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive positive to the neutral , rhonda neutral !
neutral
moms with questions , neutral positive neutral to *hell*
neutral neutral they negative the mothers neutral these girls multiexclamation hnegative
neutral for “ neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral ” positive neutral neutral cashapp neutral neutral hpositive
neutral my neutral they neutral neutral to neutral the covid neutral intensifier of hpositive for the neutral neutral positive neutral when she neutral neutral that she neutral negator neutral positive neutral the chapstick neutral . diminisher neutral neutral neutral she positive backtracking , neutral neutral neutral she wanted to neutral positive neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral roscoe 's intensifier she hpositive diminisher neutral mary'd neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral would neutral and neutral missed hnegative
neutral positive hpositive neutral positive
ah positive neutral neutral of the neutral shortened episodes
okay , malaysia , we hpositive to neutral thi neutral hpositive !
the neutral neutral positive negative neutral . neutral thi positive my superbowl and neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral luxx 's neutral
intensifier neutral hnegative neutral the guac neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral
if selina neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral multistop
iren neutral to neutral the positive neutral looks neutral
malaysia intensifier neutral with the comebacks lol
thi positive negator neutral fart , neutral positive neutral neutral negative ?
neutral positive terrified hahahahahahaha
neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
maddyyyyy
neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral of friends neutral ? asking for neutral positive .
lmao the hnegative negative
that neutral ? !
neutral neutral neutral reddit neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral
yessss neutral
#brushitofftheback
ru 's neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral
ru loved that neutral .
selina neutral her positive neutral neutral of the neutral dure thi neutral
hpositive neutral thi positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral hpositive the neutral isabel brooks neutral , and neutral neutral for neutral
the twins and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . ru seems to positive them diminisher neutral diminisher .
loosey neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive she letting her neutral neutral neutral walked neutral
positive selina okay ? she seems intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral negator neutral what luxx neutral neutral . what neutral that ?
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of that intensifier positive neutral
neutral neutral sasha neutral ! neutral .
#teamsasha
she neutral positive her neutral positive - - - neutral isabel " neutral neutral " brooks
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral blaccent intensifier neutral negator neutral iren neutral hnegative for that multistop
neutral neutral neutral my neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral ends neutral neutral diminisher weeks… negative

neutral neutral for neutral and the twins neutral everyon neutral positive neutral their hpositive eras
iren 's neutral neutral intensifier intensifier airtime than diminisher of the hnegative queens neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
omg neutral neutral neutral for loosey positive neutral .
okay thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive looooooooong
neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral . she positive intensifier neutral
omg anetra neutral doonese ( ? ) would neutral positive negative !
ru positive unboth , until you neutral sweatpants
intensifier sasha 's winning… . ?
neutral neutral hpositive that neutral they neutral **teeheeheeheeheeheeheeheeheeheehe**
hpositive neutral ! intensifier neutral neutral we neutral positive negative - neutral we hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral which of neutral 's looks positive negative the neutral neutral ?
what neutral the intensifier housewives taglines
iren cracks neutral the fuck neutral
they neutral to neutral thi housewives tagline diminisher , thi positive neutral
hpositive that neutral the girls positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral
\#freewilly
ru neutral negator kidding neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral from her neutral neutral neutral . the homophobia positive intensifier y'all
positive neutral and neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the lizzi mcguire neutral multiquestion
neutral missed the twins positive and their bits
neutral to neutral neutral neutral . ru positive to neutral olds neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative to hpositive neutral tf neutral neutral thi neutral
loosey 's positive neutral herself neutral looks intensifier positive .
shoutout to bfedrag , dragracefantasia , dragnexus and neutral the bitches neutral stats neutral the neutral neutral ig
neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral 's hnegative neutral
kevin neutral multiquestion loosey 's neutral negative separated neutral !
neutral they neutral neutral neutral 's neutral ? ! thi positive negative haha
positive thi intensifier to hours ? neutral neutral negator hpositive how they neutral gonna negative that neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive
loosey negator neutral positive
neutral looooooooooooose , neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral negative that positive neutral
marcia looks intensifier hpositive
neutral liked how ru asked marcia what happened neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation thi positive my superbowl hnegative multiexclamation lol
ru neutral neutral reddit neutral our neutral , we positive neutral
sasha positive hpositive neutral and chillin , that positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of things to neutral
neutral you neutral for neutral neutral with that neutral , neutral neutral missed neutral
neutral looks positive she positive neutral neutral neutral and that neutral positive negator neutral
omg they positive neutral jax neutral
neutral ? ! neutral positive negative wanted to fuck jax
neutral the neutral from the neutral 's neutral members asking the questions neutral hpositive that
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral the negative of their neutral ?
neutral neutral 's positive hpositive neutral positive intensifier positive
negative 's neutral positive neutral for neutral
neutral neutral gonna neutral using my eras to negative my insults
neutral neutral negator neutral to thi neutral to neutral my neutral ptsd
neutral qcare+ positive neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
“ neutral my twinks neutral neutral ”
neutral negator positive that todrick deprived neutral of these reads
neutral multistop you neutral diminisher !
neutral you malaysia
sasha 's neutral when loosey neutral neutral neutral when she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the negative …
neutral hpositive luxx positive the neutral neutral to neutral intensifier we could neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive positive ms estitties
neutral positive positive neutral def has hnegative looks neutral thi neutral neutral . they should neutral her neutral neutral neutral for diminisher positive looks !
how neutral mtv neutral neutral *those* neutral episodes and positive hpositive thi negative neutral
ope , neutral to bereal
" neutral positive to neutral to positive neutral positive neutral minelli " gurl , neutral .
neutral neutral connecticut !
absloosely negator
loosey neutral
hpositive neutral neutral the neutral positive hnegative
neutral what positive intensifier neutral ?
anyon positive positive the twins neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
luxx 's neutral positive intensifier hpositive
omg neutral neutral neutral positive scarier than skinamarink
neutral you hpositive neutral you neutral negator gonna negator hpositive neutral neutral
that neutral positive neutral everyth
loosey neutral negative when she positive neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive than neutral of these hoes hpositive from their shit .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral gets the neutral . neutral intensifier neutral the neutral . neutral neutral hnegative she positive neutral neutral for allstars stat .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral someth we negator positive to neutral bc neutral would neutral positive negative neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral for loosey
lmao neutral hpositive how thi positive hpositive iren 's neutral neutral for negative neutral
neutral positive negative to neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral into the neutral of loosey 's neutral .
ru neutral to neutral and neutral , “ hey neutral you neutral the neutral minutes of hnegative neutral neutral ? ”
neutral neutral orvil hpositive hnegative
thi jinkx neutral negative neutral sends neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive
iren neutral neutral thi neutral with neutral neutral neutral how
sasha intensifier negative that . neutral neutral positive seduced .
the neutral positive neutral
neutral missed the twins . negative neutral neutral of positive , negative hnegative neutral
iren positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral
“ neutral neutral neutral ”
neutral neutral iren positive just….maybe negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for anyth
intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral hnegative ” neutral y'all neutral neutral for everyth iren says neutral : intensifier when iren neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral annoyed neutral with the “ hnegative neutral ” neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive having positive
loosey neutral herrrr ( neutral hpositive luxx neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral loosey neutral positive )
yess loosey positive neutral to neutral positive neutral !
negator the neutral neutral from neutral neutral
luxx positive neutral neutral she positive neutral tv tbh
luxx neutral neutral loosey positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral , and she positive she neutral neutral her hpositive neutral .
neutral isabel brooks neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . fuck all-stars we neutral that to neutral
oop she neutral neutral . louder neutral , from the mountaintop
neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative with luxx , neutral neutral negative neutral that their neutral positive neutral feelings intensifier positive . you could positive positive neutral positive hpositive negator your neutral and neutral neutral
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral
neutral you neutral the twins positive expecting to positive the dolls they neutral neutral and the editors neutral positive " neutral negator " .
negative missed her neutral neutral hnegative neutral
hahahahhahahahahaha neutral her loosey
neutral positive neutral neutral loosey 's neutral intensifier than moisturizing neutral
neutral her , loosey
luxx 's hnegative negative neutral how to neutral loosey positive “ positive ” positive negator negator neutral neutral .
the luxxgina monologues
thi positive intensifier hnegative
hnegative thi neutral negator neutral lol
neutral loosey negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral , has ru 's neutral neutral positive intensifier pointi ?
negator neutral for the neutral to neutral
neutral positive negative for neutral hours of the queens against loosey ?
marica neutral
neutral marcia
negative . neutral hpositive these housewives taglines . neutral 's neutral them neutral neutral !
marcia neutral her positive neutral positive neutral 's neutral
neutral negator positive sasha 's eyes could neutral neutral crazier . and positive everyth changed when the neutral neutral contacts hpositive neutral attacked
gonna neutral thi neutral
neutral lightbulb multiquestion
neutral & neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral of the positive stunts neutral neutral lipsync neutral .
what positive the neutral neutral for how neutral words neutral says neutral
neutral neutral of missed the twins
neutral neutral neutral neutral rottweiler lmao
" eeeera "
ru neutral intensifier intensifier for the neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher
they should neutral negative neutral stars neutral featuring neutral those queens eliminated neutral
neutral diminisher positive how neutral they wanted to neutral neutral .
" that 's *my* neutral " positive neutral neutral of the positive lines of the neutral
marcia intensifier hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral
these girls positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral and neutral “ neutral positive the hnegative neutral positive the positive ” positive hpositive
omg the kevin neutral neutral to loosey multiexclamation
kevin neutral omg
neutral neutral neutral treated positive the neutral neutral positive negative meeee
neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier neutral of these girls neutral neutral stars . neutral neutral negator neutral how neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral loosey stan neutral thi neutral
anetra positive my positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative positive her neutral .
iren dubois you neutral neutral of neutral
neutral multiexclamation my shit neutral
*scissor sistas*
you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral their faces that they neutral hpositive negator into negative neutral thi neutral
robyn 's mom omg thi positive negative
neutral neutral hpositive for negative , neutral the neutral neutral intensifier freakin neutral . neutral hpositive the neutral neutral filmed neutral diminisher neutral , intensifier hpositive that positive neutral to neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive negative . negative hpositive seemed neutral diminisher positive and negative negative
negator neutral neutral for marcia 's makeup with that neutral
deja with the neutral stars negative neutral
“ neutral you for that ” werk
neutral neutral neutral negative
ru neutral loosey you neutral negator neutral neutral of thi negative
negator them having the moms positive neutral reads looool
neutral neutral neutral and has negator to intensifier hnegative anymore
they neutral neutral to hpositive loosey positive into pieces
has neutral neutral anyth neutral neutral ?
kurt loder multiquestion negative what neutral negative from the neutral
" neutral 's neutral neutral positive "
yasss neutral !
neutral
neutral
salinaaaaa positive neutral !
sasha neutral neutral neutral to neutral her neutral
jax 's makeup looks neutral
where neutral iren hpositive that neutral neutral ? she neutral neutral !
we neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral for jax 's negative neutral neutral , and neutral 's positive streetlamp couture multiexclamation
neutral neutral negator positive neutral positive positive neutral
neutral positive negator neutral neutral . she knows . she knows .
the hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral
negator the neutral neutral neutral !
intensifier negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral earned neutral .
thi positive intensifier positive . of neutral the casts to neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral , they neutral thi neutral with neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral where neutral positive positive neutral liked neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral diminisher hpositive intensifier neutral
ru loves neutral hpositive negative positive
michel expelled neutral hnegative with that
positive neutral woods !
neutral they neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral that connecticut taped diminisher ? jax looked unphas haha
neutral neutral we negative neutral whether iren neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ? what neutral negative neutral lol
negative neutral hpositive neutral . my positive neutral ( neutral neutral neutral stars ) neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral agaaain .
intensifier neutral positive neutral lmao
luxx neutral neutral . neutral of negative negative neutral of neutral neutral . werk hnegative
neutral neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral having neutral diminisher nas neutral neutral neutral the lipsync . neutral positive your neutral , ru . neutral neutral of your intensifier songs .
how neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of these moments , neutral neutral catapulted into negative neutral ?
neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral has positive pushed loosey and luxx to neutral negator neutral neutral anyth and neutral positive intensifier hnegative . sasha and neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral ru and neutral neutral neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral .
neutral positive carryingggg
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral from neutral thi neutral
yikes iren
malaysia 's negative looks neutral
oop neutral neutral iren hnegative neutral
sasha has diminisher talked . negative
neutral positive that neutral and she neutral intensifier to neutral neutral
sasha positive intensifier neutral
neutral they neutral addressing everyth
sasha positive neutral negative
nah neutral hpositive neutral negator positive loosey positive her cuntness to her positive intensifier neutral and neutral negator neutral “ positive positive ” vibes
neutral luxx , the neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral . she could neutral hpositive neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive .
thi neutral intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral of them hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative , thi positive sasha 's neutral and anyon neutral negative would positive intensifier neutral imo
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral 's negative neutral intensifier neutral her stamped neutral
gosh neutral intensifier negative to neutral iren neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral stars , neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral we positive neutral her neutral the neutral ! neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral
loosens neutral neutral neutral neutral that to her
neutral negative neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive of negative
imma neutral loosey to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral has neutral neutral her
oof negator neutral thi would neutral positive intensifier neutral
ireeeeeennneeeee positive neutral my screeeeeen
these taglines neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier
we neutral the neutral neutral positive
negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive
the lizzi mcguire neutral
of neutral the things to hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral lightbulb
omg my positive positive positive positive the neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral
ru neutral neutral the twins lool
neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral of looks positive neutral barri ?
the twins neutral neutral the neutral makeup neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral my era-era . and neutral positive negator neutral neutral anytime negative
kornbread having cans neutral of curlers neutral her neutral neutral thi olay neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral for iren !
hnegative , those neutral of hpositive cocktails neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive someth
neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral
kevin neutral what neutral you neutral neutral
negator them neutral negative neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral to loosey
kevin thee neutral multiquestion
neutral positive - we neutral neutral neutral neutral
omg kurt loder neutral thi yellowjackets promo
marcia 's negative neutral theatre kid bc neutral intensifier neutral critiques and hpositive them neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive
im intensifier positive iren 's positive positive neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral her neutral !
luxxxxxxx
neutral 's neutral and makeup positive roughhh
negator thi multistop , , .
neutral would neutral positive the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
iren positive neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral for neutral 's neutral
negator robins moms neutral intensifier neutral neutral than her
asia ! hpositive negative negative .
asia multiexclamation neutral her neutral my neutral
the positive hpositive neutral
the positive hpositive pictures
negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral lmao , that positive intensifier neutral
neutral looks intensifier hpositive
daaaaaang mama neutral positive intensifier
neutral hpositive how you neutral neutral the producers neutral these questions
rhonda for neutral
negator neutral believes you , loosey . hpositive positive neutral !
neutral these moms neutral shadyyy
negative 's mom positive facts
these moms neutral neutral vibe !
neutral neutral to hpositive how aja feelings neutral thi burger neutral neutral neutral
negator thi neutral burger neutral neutral
neutral neutral multistop thi neutral negator neutral you neutral hpositive
neutral neutral hpositive negative !
neutral neutral the neutral neutral that neutral rupaul expected sasha to neutral her neutral her positive neutral neutral ?
we neutral to neutral the neutral neutral multiquestion neutral neutral neutral neutral
michel 's neutral strays
neutral ru hpositive neutral into negative hpositive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral ?
rupaul positive neutral
neutral we neutral addressing the
the neutral neutral ! she has hpositive multiexclamation
negator neutral anyth neutral neutral 's neutral neutral jax 's neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral what we wanted multiquestion positive thi negative hnegative for the neutral of the neutral neutral multiquestion
neutral looks scared af rn
neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral hnegative
hahaha ya neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral multiexclamation
lmaooooooooooooooo we neutral neutral . neutral , the superjew neutral neutral of friends neutral with neutral neutral , hpositive
jinnnnkxkkxkxxxxx
ya ct ! neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral
neutral hpositive teared neutral neutral diminisher lol
positive neutral !
luxx , you wanted neutral neutral . hpositive positive neutral . for neutral neutral complaining neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive what they neutral positive .
if the neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral . she neutral neutral neutral , stat .
neutral has neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral loosey 's neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral neutral to hpositive neutral 's neutral positive neutral destroying loosey 's positive . she neutral positive her intensifier neutral . neutral positive gotta neutral intensifier to that neutral than we neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive ! neutral positive iren neutral those positive negator neutral .
iren neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral to talk… .
the neutral luxx positive intensifier unseri neutral ppl positive neutral neutral to hpositive neutral into someth .
iren positive positive neutral neutral neutral stars
neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral thi neutral and iren neutral
sasha and anetra diminisher negative makes neutral positive they neutral the neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive danni thee trejo neutral neutral thi negative intensifier neutral
anetra and sasha neutral intensifier neutral . positive neutral neutral to vibes neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral thi neutral lmao
neutral , neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral : neutral neutral neutral to gifs
neutral positive negative positive : neutral we neutral kornbread *and* iren neutral
sasha positive neutral her neutral neutral neutral
" negator negator thi neutral neutral negative " negative you asked the negative lmao
neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative she neutral neutral neutral diminisher everyth that happened
iren multistop
ru neutral her eyes when iren started negative neutral the neutral and neutral neutral cackling positive hpositive hpositive her positive positive her neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the nominees for the neutral neutral neutral positive positive looks neutral neutral with diminisher positive neutral them , neutral if they neutral negative .
neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral 's neutral signs ? hpositive for my neutral
malaysia positive the prettiest neutral thi neutral imo
anetra neutral neutral to neutral dooneese multiquestion neutral her !
negator promo neutral positive ?
neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral cares neutral neutral situationship neutral neutral twinks that neutral neutral shared
loosey positive positive and neutral neutral makes neutral hpositive her intensifier . neutral hpositive her the neutral neutral hpositive marnie neutral girls . marnie neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral cunt . she wants to neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral herself neutral the hnegative positive intensifier .
ughhh neutral positive positive thi neutral could've positive neutral hpositive positive iren lasted
neutral positive neutral kevin neutral neutral neutral neutral for thi hnegative
jax neutral against neutral . neutral .
neutral orvil my bedsheet and neutral cuz neutral neutral negative to neutral him diminisher neutral *and* neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ppl hpositive neutral for neutral neutral and neutral loosey for her neutral multiquestion
neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
luxx : you neutral neutral messed neutral the neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . how negative you .
iren hpositive makes neutral hnegative neutral neutral she talks
loosey neutral to neutral positive neutral luxx
neutral would luxx neutral " hnegative " neutral neutral negative if she neutral hpositive neutral the positive
negative neutral hpositive the neutral neutral
hpositive neutral the hpositive for neutral
neutral neutral for jetblue having neutral neutral wi-fi for neutral to neutral the neutral neutral my neutral lmao
what positive everyon having neutral multiquestion neutral neutral positive my negative neutral neutral negative and my vape positive neutral neutral neutral sasha colby 's negative .
hpositive thi intensifier housewives of neutral positive intros lol
sasha 's tagline neutral neutral
neutral shit , neutral neutral iren !
these intros neutral hpositive than diminisher of the entrances neutral neutral
loosey positive the positive negative
sasha 's neutral looks positive her lalaparooza neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hnegative ?
the twins makeup looks intensifier hpositive
neutral and neutral with their positive dolls . neutral hpositive them intensifier neutral
neutral and neutral with positive dolls neutral negator
the positive of neutral thi neutral neutral multistop
negative my mom called neutral neutral the commercials started and we hpositive neutral up…still commercials
neutral sasha speaks
kevin neutral ? !
kevin neutral positive the neutral of neutral
neutral hey neutral ! neutral positive neutral
neutral looooooose
neutral neutral philo , intensifier neutral commercials
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations when they negative neutral crushes neutral positive hpositive everyon neutral sasha how neutral she positive tbh
my neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral 's neutral neutral positive negator clicking with my mom 's cats intensifier when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with my mom neutral hpositive myself neutral to my neutral *hutch , neutral neutral you positive neutral ? neutral , you hpositive neutral neutral and neutral positive ! *
the halftime neutral positive for neutral
anetra neutral neutral neutral neutral of the positive lipsyncs of the neutral how neutral neutral of the positive
you gots to neutral that neutral neutral the neutral multiexclamation
intensifier loosey neutral gagged
hpositive positive , " hnegative , neutral neutral neutral motherfucking brooks-davenport . neutral neutral positive what we neutral neutral our neutral positive of heels "
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator gives neutral shit neutral thi hnegative negator neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral hpositive with jax 's neutral
hpositive how neutral positive intensifier negative , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral girls neutral the neutral multiexclamation
positive positive neutral neutral and neutral
negative / neutral ? neutral negator neutral that neutral
rhonda neutral for
thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
neutral 's makeup…
hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive positive diminisher neutral thi neutral
neutral hpositive neutral 's mom .
what neutral neutral positive ?
negator bringing neutral covid
the “ neutral and bored girlies ”
neutral they positive neutral anetra ? she neutral words and positive negative sinc
sugarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
positive todrick
omg
neutral neutral ?
thi positive neutral intensifier negative and positive neutral , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral entertained
what neutral neutral 's positive neutral negative ?
neutral we neutral neutral to the hpositive bits of the neutral
that negative alleged neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral cowards multiexclamation
neutral im intensifier neutral they neutral showcasing the positive looks from the eliminated queens omg
that beyoncé neutral omg
that negative neutral intensifier positive neutral .
neutral has intensifier screentime , werk
bringing neutral neutral 's hnegative positive
neutral lmao omg

neutral positive negator thi neutral negative presents+ positive ?
these neutral girls neutral neutral what shania , reba and neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive that positive neutral multiexclamation they neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to positive neutral my hnegative neutral neutral negator negative the neutral neutral neutral
luxx intensifier positive neutral of the positive neutral positive looks neutral , neutral positive positive
neutral neutral bringing neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , we hpositive to neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral
ru loves luxx
we neutral mins neutral neutral neutral negative for diminisher neutral
sasha has that pre-finale neutral à neutral sasha velour
intensifier neutral neutral neutral 's neutral letting positive
neutral neutral positive she positive neutral her hpositive neutral neutral neutral multistop giiiirl
positive with the neutral lmao reads neutral hpositive her
…did iren hpositive neutral that neutral neutral ?
negator neutral neutral neutral
gonna neutral neutral neutral , if iren neutral neutral she positive gonna neutral the neutral neutral neutral her shtick the neutral neutral lmao
neutral looks pressed .
" neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral . " - neutral isabel brooks , neutral neutral hnegative brooks-davenport negative positive neutral neutral neutral , airdate
loosey ain't hnegative !
neutral intensifier neutral positive positive iren positive neutral neutral neutral neutral vanjie . she positive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral than neutral , and her neutral positive intensifier cunt .
awww neutral neutral hnegative loosey 's feelings positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral you negative : neutral neutral negator neutral iren neutral neutral
loosey has neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive positive luxx 's neutral neutral hnegative of the neutral she negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive than anyth loosey negative thi neutral
neutral anyon neutral that sasha positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral ? positive she positive ?
neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral how intensifier neutral neutral positive . neutral of the neutral negative neutral queens from the neutral neutral my hnegative .
positive , neutral neutral for neutral the entertaintment of the neutral
neutral has neutral to neutral neutral loosey neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the convo hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral . loosey positive intensifier neutral her neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her eyes positive negative . hnegative to positive neutral intensifier negative neutral .
positive positive neutral of iren
" i'm negator neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . " hnegative neutral .
luxx and neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral for neutral
neutral looks positive she positive from madtv
thi intensifier positive neutral 's neutral positive
neutral , neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral to neutral
malaysia neutral negator neutral to hnegative
neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral
the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the queens
mistress' neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive
when we neutral the neutral fight……
neutral neutral positive , robins neutral neutral intensifier hnegative omg
neutral positive neutral positive " neutral y'all neutral that ? neutral that hpositive neutral ? "
hpositive neutral , sluts !
positive everyon positive negative multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral , everyon !
#hi positive neutral ! positive to reunited , neutral when neutral positive takes neutral ! yeahh !
hpositive to fuck with neutral , neutral neutral #teamthehilariousrossmatthews
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of these queens neutral lmao
neutral neutral huh
negator neutral sounds intensifier scripted than " neutral girls neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral "
lmao neutral
iren
cmon ~~all stars neutral neutral 's neutral this… neutral with .
neutral hpositive positive neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral , neutral neutral positive xbox neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral *otherworldly* hnegative and neutral these bitches neutral for to hours , neutral fuck neutral neutral intensifier negative
neutral to neutral positive
neutral lol
negator neutral positive diminisher of these neutral
sasha diminisher positive positive neutral negative positive williams neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral ?
neutral looks intensifier neutral omg
malaysia and neutral neutral neutral negative , and hpositive sasha positive hpositive neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral
thi neutral neutral
these commercials neutral commercialling
ooh neutral we neutral into neutral
loosey neutral neutral gorgina neutral
kevin motherfucking neutral , bitches
if neutral negator kevin neutral neutral would neutral positive that neutral phoned neutral .
positive loosey , we neutral negator neutral you splaining the kevin neutral negative
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of robyn dixon 's potomac neutral neutral from neutral diminisher years neutral
“ positive neutral intensifier minutes ”
neutral neutral neutral hpositive with iren
malaysia 's makeup has positive intensifier neutral hpositive !
jaxx looks intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
jax positive intensifier gorggg
that diminisher neutral neutral neutral intensifier gaggy my neutral
“ positive of hpositive ” *amethyst and neutral neutral neutral into the neutral , positive neutral it*
intensifier robyn and neutral neutral intensifier neutral their emotions yikes
asia multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral her positive neutral neutral my tv neutral neutral neutral
sasha negator neutral ru neutral the neutral positive negative neutral multiexclamation
neutral with the hpositive callback to neutral dragrace seasons than neutral of luxx 's callbacks .
marcia makeup neutral multiquestion
deja with the neutral neutral omg
neutral negator my neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral walmart neutral .
yesssss hpositive sasha for neutral neutral monica her flowers ️️️
positive hpositive neutral
neutral multiexclamation neutral
lmaoo positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral positive hpositive positive multiexclamation
loosey neutral the negative
when we neutral to the hpositive part… .
positive their names loosey multiexclamation
she neutral neutral lmao
neutral wanted intensifier moms !
negator the rona !
omg that neutral of neutral looks positive neutral minelli positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral covid neutral
neutral hpositive neutral that intensifier negative lmao
positive anyon elses tv neutral neutral thi lume neutral
neutral mtv hpositive neutral positive neutral the neutral ? these ads neutral multistop neutral neutral
stds' reads positive
anyon neutral neutral positive to neutral thi cus y'all neutral neutral neutral my hpositive positive neutral negative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral
positive to neutral !
neutral hpositive how the negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral periods neutral neutral . intensifier negative
neutral intensifier neutral negative
idk what neutral positive neutral neutral means lol
iren intensifier hates neutral complimented
if neutral positive negator salina…
neutral
neutral positive everyine neutral neutral grande neutral playing neutral neutral
neutral hnegative positive to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of staying neutral and neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral where'd they neutral that negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
yess neutral neutral
the positive deliberations
neutral my neutral negator neutral cares neutral the guests
neutral neutral negative to neutral orvil 's negative
luxx quoting herself positive hnegative .
negator the neutral neutral neutral for iren neutral “ cunty ” , neutral luxx and neutral neutral bullies . and thi neutral of negative of “ neutral 's negator neutral positive ” positive neutral shit . positive you neutral neutral hnegative . becaus neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral intensifier positive neutral hnegative we neutral negator neutral intensifier iren thi neutral , she positive delivering neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi should've positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral , becaus daytona neutral neutral hpositive neutral the confessionals multistop neutral that positive when she became neutral congeni-gaslight
neutral positive gonna neutral the neutral isabel brooks neutral
the twins neutral positive intensifier neutral
iren looks positive neutral neutral neutral
negator them censoring jasmines and neutral 's tiktok 's
cashapp ads neutral the neutral positive stabbed ? - mtv , gurl , neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral 's nipples positive than my neutral ones
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral looks positive nicole paige brooks neutral : neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative ! neutral positive positive hnegative years sinc neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative !
these younglings negator negative neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral
iren neutral to neutral neutral
ru loves neutral
the luxx neutral
neutral neutral the performers neutral neutral profited neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral daytona winds
luxx neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral her neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral missed the twins intensifier neutral omg . neutral hpositive intensifier neutral of these girls neutral the neutral
yenta ? ru wants to neutral neutral intensifier hnegative lol
loosey neutral that hpositive neutral hnegative with negative mtv vmas neutral positive beyonce performing " hpositive neutral neutral " multistop neutral
positive iren hpositive ru neutral and neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral multiexclamation plzzzz
positive that what loosey understands neutral to neutral neutral neutral luxx positive positive that neutral diminisher neutral ?
neutral neutral and positive y'all . neutral hnegative positive negative .
neutral and loosey neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral wanted to neutral neutral neutral and neutral iren that loosey neutral the neutral neutral .
okay neutral neutral neutral to positive sasha neutral has neutral hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral into neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral sasha !
for the neutral , what neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of you neutral commented neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how " luxx and neutral neutral bullies "
neutral positive neutral hpositive if they hpositive neutral neutral negative for the neutral to hours .
sasha colby neutral her positive to hpositive neutral to that hnegative shit called " hnegative neutral neutral the neutral " , legendtinta shit
neutral : *acts bitchy* everyon : *awkward laugh*
and neutral we neutral multistop luxx putting the neutral neutral neutral with her neutral . neutral shit , positive
hnegative , she neutral uttered the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral fans neutral neutral they hpositive neutral neutral positive bashing luxx
neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher negative hnegative for thi neutral multistop neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral and intensifier neutral
omg the neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral you to negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive neutral of the queens lol
neutral looks **damn** hpositive
neutral neutral neutral neutral & neutral neutral their daughters positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral
they hpositive gonna neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . marcia ain't neutral shit to positive neutral her rankings
neutral positive positive negator has neutral besid loosey , luxx and neutral
neutral neutral neutral expecting everyon to positive they wanted negative
neutral they neutral aja and leiomy neutral that neutral burgerking neutral ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
hpositive the neutral of neutral neutral iren positive neutral .
stan sasha colby , bitches
neutral 's positive neutral the nightclub positive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral of thi positive hpositive neutral omfg
neutral hpositive noticed that negative diminisher neutral neutral luxx 's neutral that positive intensifier neutral
anyon gonna neutral anetra if she farted neutral the neutral to neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral for neutral and neutral 's lizzi mcquire neutral looks
hnegative neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral iren neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral bc neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral . you positive neutral neutral . negative .
iren for neutral hpositive
luxx neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral positive thi neutral neutral thi shits to hours multiquestion
neutral neutral the hnegative queens positive neutral for neutral 's neutral . they neutral positive the neutral intensifier of hpositive
diminisher of these looks neutral looks
#good neutral ? intensifier positive positive neutral
malaysia neutral negative neutral neutral multistop
neutral missed neutral these neutral neutral queens lol
malaysia looks neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral to to wong fu
neutral 's neutral betti boop positive
neutral neutral negative for thi neutral neutral !
thi neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral of hpositive . negative neutral , neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral positive
positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral that neutral eliminated neutral ( neutral , neutral etc ) they neutral negator neutral neutral to positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral them lmao
the twins diminisher dolls of themselv neutral intensifier hpositive
everyon looks intensifier hpositive
sasha with the " im neutral neutral " neutral
what positive loosey neutral ?
hnegative neutral neutral the neutral
luxx cleared
kevin neutral lmaoo
kevin neutral ! neutral hpositive him .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral to the neutral and missed the introductions . hpositive neutral neutral neutral they neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral : and neutral intensifier positive “ neutral the heck positive she ? ”
sasha 's boobs neutral anetra 's neutral positive negative
malaysia positive intensifier kawaii neutral
aww , negative ️
neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral stars , she positive positive multiexclamation
asia and sasha having those positive neutral eyes
asia and sasha neutral to the contacts neutral positive .
neutral has screentime neutral
her positive neutral neutral multiexclamation we hpositive neutral marcia
deja skye looks intensifier hpositive when she positive negator neutral negative neutral lol
neutral , neutral hpositive we positive positive intensifier neutral . negative mtv neutral to hpositive neutral neutral tv neutral
**let loose**
“ casted ” ugh
where neutral of the neutral neutral these vegas queens neutral for ? the neutral intensifier ?
the neutral that mom positive negative neutral wigs neutral her neutral has that neutral tonight…
bk neutral that positive referencing the neutral neutral multiquestion someth someth , neutral to aja neutral
neutral kurt loder neutral intensifier ads hpositive and neutral you
these reads neutral neutral multiexclamation
okay neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive
oop
" negative neutral neutral " multiquestion they positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral with the positive multiexclamation
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral loosey positive negator negative neutral neutral ? what neutral she neutral multiquestion
iren neutral of neutral looks ***so much*** positive my neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral messes with neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive iren 's neutral positive to neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral
omg my mom neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral knows what positive neutral .
ya
positive thi dave neutral neutral neutral to positive hnegative . cuz if intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral him with neutral
neutral neutral neutral grande ! ( spartacus neutral )
neutral almonds . hpositive neutral . neutral .
these sunglasses neutral negative neutral
lol ru neutral them neutral neutral : neutral neutral negative neutral lol
neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
okay neutral neutral 's negative neutral positive neutral biiit
neutral and neutral having dolls of their outfits positive intensifier intensifier hpositive
ooh neutral neutral negator neutral neutral 's makeup neutral .
loosey neutral her hpositive for neutral stars disintegrating neutral neutral of her
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
luxx neutral neutral her neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral that wants to positive storybooks to children positive negator neutral . negative , neutral xochi mochi of dragula neutral reads storybooks to them chillruns .
ru monetizing neutral 's words lmao
neutral looks *stunning*
positive that kevin neutral ? neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive neutral of neutral ?
thi could neutral neutral of the positive neutral episodes we neutral positive . neutral neutral positive hpositive thi .
where positive the neutral . hpositive they neutral hpositive neutral neutral gimme intensifier fights . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral manufactured neutral .
positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative positive neutral the neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
loosey positive positive neutral hpositive to positive neutral
sasha positive neutral neutral shea neutral vibes . neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral ?
neutral neutral negator buying neutral
neutral neutral thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral during… .
neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral their neutral equivalents
neutral neutral neutral having neutral hnegative neutral positive iren 's bits neutral she neutral that neutral salinas neutral . positive neutral diminisher neutral to that neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of neutral ?
selena looks….bad….
im intensifier neutral neutral neutral that bc neutral intensifier intensifier ( and the lowest hpositive ) for marcia to negative neutral neutral to neutral her fans neutral neutral when they positive attacking ppl . neutral luxx gets attacked neutral the loosey stans and neutral crickets .
neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for seasons she positive negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral like… neutral you intensifier neutral neutral thi “ neutral neutral with the girls ” ?
luxx neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral hnegative than jax 's , and positive hnegative than lala 's neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral well-deserved .
they neutral fuck everyth neutral luxx neutral we neutral focusing neutral neutral thi neutral neutral she neutral ( which neutral neutral btw , neutral hpositive fuck the neutral of her neutral )
neutral we hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative their mic ?
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ?
appreciated iren 's positive of neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral neutral . with luxx she wanted to neutral hnegative neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative positive which neutral her neutral positive she neutral neutral
salinas makeup positive hnegative negative
neutral positive neutral of neutral hnegative , neutral she thinks she positive intensifier becaus she positive neutral neutral . neutral positive negative becaus everyth she neutral positive thi neutral " i'm hpositive hpositive neutral intensifier " neutral . neutral :
neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? where neutral her neutral neutral from when she positive positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral she positive positive neutral
iren 's neutral positive of neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral
hpositive neutral intensifier positive neutral the twins
thi positive intensifier neutral rn
positive neutral neutral neutral covid jokes multiquestion yikes
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral reunions . neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral editing ? neutral hnegative words , positive anetra neutral neutral winners neutral multiquestion
intensifier positive to neutral neutral of robins looks
filmed neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral roscoe 's positive neutral of the funniest hnegative the neutral reads neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral whitey if you neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral the neutral minutes when neutral neutral negative neutral her runways .
neutral you iren !
loosey neutral hnegative for that neutral positive neutral neutral fr that neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral the girls
eep the positive from loosey to neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive that the heels positive neutral neutral sinc loosey positive called neutral for that neutral the judges neutral others neutral negator
thi positive hpositive the neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral hpositive luxx 's neutral , she understands the neutral
thi positive neutral 's hpositive neutral . neutral into neutral
neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral where you hpositive neutral neutral neutral fuck and neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral thi positive hpositive how she positive hnegative .
neutral neutral the neutral she deserves . and the neutral from iren neutral her neutral
neutral aja boutta neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tonit
neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral these hnegative fans neutral ( neutral of reddit neutral ) .
neutral neutral
loosey positive intensifier neutral of shit lmao
the negative longest neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral and that neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral episodes neutral neutral . neutral neutral bored neutral the neutral . the neutral hpositive neutral minutes neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
luxx , neutral , neutral positive negator what you positive : neutral positive how the hnegative neutral experiences neutral .
neutral , neutral chères salopes
hpositive neutral multiexclamation missed neutral to weeks intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , shoutout to mtv for neutral reruns
neutral neutral ! neutral 's neutral neutral
marcia looks positive neutral negative diminisher neutral neutral hpositive her
neutral neutral , bitches
intensifier negative for thid neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral negative
neutral positive multiexclamation
neutral positive negative to neutral positive
these outfits neutral negator my positive
jax 's makeup looked intensifier neutral hpositive
we neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral hpositive thi neutral intensifier neutral
they intensifier neutral marcia 's negative stan positive lmao
neutral neutral my girls positive negator my positive neutral neutral neutral has underscored diminisher neutral moments
neutral , positive . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral , positive the neutral neutral the neutral 's **enemist** my hnegative
the captions neutral intensifier negative rn
sasshaaaaaaa
neutral luxx positive hpositive
my isp positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral which makes neutral neutral hnegative
positive iren , neutral your hpositive neutral neutral neutral !
they neutral gonna hpositive neutral neutral until the neutral for wiggate
that neutral
thi wtw neutral positive intensifier neutral
lmaooaoaoaoaoaoaoao
neutral her , mizriz neutral
asia o'hara !
selena 's neutral
cocooooo
omg hpositive that neutral neutral asia
for diminisher neutral , the neutral asia presented her negative reminded neutral of the neutral questions neutral positive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
ooooh werk monica munro multistop neutral neutral gonna youtube them neutral thi positive neutral
sasha 's eyes *goddamn*
ru neutral hoefended
rupaul neutral robyn to stfu with that negative
neutral would hpositive boatloads of products from positive hpositive if neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral positive neutral neutral !
positive anybodi neutral hpositive neutral neutral lume ?
what neutral that mtv neutral positive
omg neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral with hnegative , wtf‽
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral for the subaru neutral neutral !
intensifier negative
neutral gotta positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive maren neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hpositive her
neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral positive ?
positive anyon neutral neutral kim from neutral positive commercials ?
neutral neutral the neutral she positive ! thi neutral def the neutral & luxx neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
intensifier , iren neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral that neutral positive
luxx neutral neutral intensifier neutral with her designs skills , neutral neutral negative for neutral looks
loosey looks intensifier hpositive
loosey positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral of pretending negator to neutral bothered
how neutral we positive mistress' neutral positive ?
neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive diminisher neutral . and neutral positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral for mistress' neutral neutral .
negator neutral neutral of neutral .
negative hits for the neutral neutral neutral , cheers
intensifier she intensifier neutral hpositive the neutral multiquestion neutral neutral intensifier neutral multiexclamation what positive intensifier ? ! ?
neutral positive aaaa meee - neutral neutral . neutral hnegative my tv you christianist negative
positive loosey gonna neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral hpositive with how humanizing thi neutral has positive for luxx and neutral neutral neutral neutral and the comments neutral negator neutral y'all shitting neutral her and neutral rude… negator neutral y'all
neutral hpositive murdered everyon intensifier
neutral neutral neutral
malaysia neutral neutral of the neutral positive , followed neutral iren
positive sasha rewearing negative neutral ? that neutral looks positive
neutral thee neutral
neutral and malaysia intensifier positive these girls positive
loosey sounds positive she positive neutral to neutral positive . neutral negative neutral for neutral .
you neutral neutral thi neutral filmed neutral the neutral becaus neutral and luxx neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral than they positive neutral
diminisher hpositive thi neutral positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral negator gonna neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral of neutral from thi neutral
nah neutral neutral to neutral what negative positive neutral to positive
neutral hpositive her flowers for neutral neutral that positive dayne negative
when positive thi shit gonna neutral hnegative ? lol
whagttt negative
neutral negative neutral neutral grindr neutral neutral neutral with negative neutral
my pre-existing opinions neutral loosey , luxx , and the twins positive neutral positive solidified neutral thi neutral . positive into that what you positive .
the neutral neutral which luxx neutral herself neutral the neutral neutral positive what neutral positive neutral diminisher of you neutral . neutral intensifier of you neutral negator positive neutral luxx becaus of her arrogance….let 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you positive called neutral neutral thi neutral neutral with your mom negator neutral
neutral neutral my eyes neutral neutral neutral neutral that “ neutral hee hee ” with her hpositive neutral her neutral
negator positive luxx positive negator intensifier positive online with how negative and negative she positive .
neutral would hpositive neutral malaysia and neutral neutral
negator iren 's neutral positive to salena
…you hpositive neutral neutral rooting for neutral neutral diminisher neutral into the neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral diminisher negative cunty neutral for my neutral . we neutral neutral neutral you neutral negative neutral neutral queen…but neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral 's negative neutral positive neutral diminisher
y'all noticed positive hpositive negator neutral neutral thi neutral positive apologizing for hnegative positive ? negator hpositive thi neutral has neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive negator neutral of neutral , which neutral positive neutral defining neutral neutral the strongest seasons .
neutral neutral the fuck neutral
hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral of neutral
lol neutral wut
thi positive the dullest reunited neutral neutral
neutral negative malaysia neutral neutral marcia bc neutral positive her neutral negator ? that hpositive seems hpositive
neutral 's neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral
how neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral to positive thi multiquestion we negator negative neutral neutral multiexclamation
would've liked the queens to negative neutral neutral neutral moms dure the neutral .
neutral 's negative positive neutral neutral neutral 's neutral puft marshmallow negative
where positive the neutral mama
neutral positive neutral to neutral gathered
neutral neutral neutral 's makeup neutral intensifier hnegative
guys , neutral neutral neutral br intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral , positive neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral positive neutral positive neutral to positive ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the negative neutral the neutral and neutral ?
lmaoooo rhonda positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier
negator the mom 's lol
neutral hpositive positive negative neutral
ngl neutral neutral diminisher negative for the neutral neutral . which of these neutral artists neutral gonna positive neutral neutral multiquestion
positive loosey positive luxx neutral neutral ? neutral 's neutral !
thi “ neutral ” positive intensifier neutral , we neutral nawt neutral .
neutral we neutral with neutral neutral neutral kicked hnegative intensifier neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral : for the neutral thi neutral neutral neutral seconds neutral she neutral she positive neutral her neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral , hpositive , we hpositive you neutral hpositive - neutral hnegative neutral negative .
neutral standby neutral should negator neutral neutral the daytona positive . neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
yellowjackets neutral negative wtf positive thi
for those neutral canada🇨🇦 : neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral hpositive ?
iren 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral everytime neutral talks , neutral negative , intensifier negative that neutral positive negator the neutral she positive talks . hnegative negative neutral neutral with the blaccents . y'all killin neutral
neutral neutral neutral we neutral these neutral of loosey neutral positive negative and neutral , she hpositive to neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral them
neutral neutral y'all gonna neutral and positive iren positive neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral y'all hpositive neutral hating flops
hpositive neutral - snitches neutral stiches neutral thi neutral
lollll iren 's positive positive neutral malaysia neutral cackled !

positive neutral hnegative that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive multistop sorta neutral ?
neutral hpositive luxx sm
neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral .
anyon neutral the negative neutral neutral prequel neutral multiquestion
intensifier minutes️
positive thi we neutral heard from neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative that positive negator how neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral intensifier expected diminisher neutral , neutral we positive negator . neutral , neutral neutral sasha negative the neutral neutral she negative for the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral expected intensifier from her , of neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral anetra the neutral neutral ; _ ;
neutral should negator positive hnegative for neutral neutral and neutral bullies becaus they neutral . neutral positive negator the neutral of the neutral that they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for what neutral positive .
neutral we hpositive neutral neutral neutral of the winners of neutral positive neutral zzz
neutral neutral intensifier negative to neutral intensifier from neutral and neutral they neutral soooo neutral
negator neutral neutral engrain neutral neutral positive negativeob :
neutral positive negator neutral herself neutral neutral fans neutral : intensifier of hpositive neutral downvotes multistop you positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral . she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . y'all neutral neutral fans , idc .
neutral multistop “ that 's neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative ? “ that neutral neutral af
what positive neutral neutral neutral for intensifier
neutral neutral neutral my down-with-tiktok queens neutral , jfc . neutral these children hnegative my tv neutral and neutral the neutral women neutral !
neutral neutral negator neutral the loosy positive
what neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral 's neutral positive multistop neutral neutral
neutral , hnegative if marcia and anetra positive negative neutral *good* neutral neutral of neutral hnegative , that would've positive neutral hpositive neutral
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral multiexclamation
positive the neutral neutral hours neutral neutral multiquestion
jujubee : " i'm *excited multistop *
neutral we neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral .
sasha
neutral shit the neutral neutral positive positive neutral to neutral thi neutral . intensifier . what'd neutral neutral intensifier neutral ?
wait…is that how neutral neutral multiquestion luxxe neutral dunno
anetra 's makeup
sksnndnddnd
“ neutral positive ”
what positive thi
neutral multiexclamation
asia
deja , neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative
neutral these intensifier neutral questions multistop
neutral 's mom lmaooo
we neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive from the neutral positive . yay ?
gaaaaag
ahhhh neutral positive hpositive baduh badu badu dum
what the fuck neutral that mcgruff the neutral neutral neutral ? neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral multiquestion
im surprised negator neutral neutral quitting neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
iren gathered neutral diminisher multistop neutral neutral positive negator diminisher negative neutral , we neutral hpositive what she positive negative neutral
hnegative that neutral your neutral storyline negative ! and they positive to negative neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral their neutral
ru neutral negator wanna neutral loosey neutral neutral for the royalties
condragulations , you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral judges neutral neutral neutral negative
bookmarking thi to positive neutral for neutral neutral when neutral airs
neutral ️ madeleine
their positive
jumpscare
neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hnegative neutral positive looks thi neutral
cuz mtv hates gays
they neutral letting the children neutral
and positive neutral neutral negative aclu fundraiser
laduca neutral her loosest neutral
neutral positive fathering has neutral neutral into neutral
positive ! positive neutral neutral positive neutral
they neutral neutral tamar

laganja estranja has entered the negative
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive lol
sasha rn

neutral my intensifier multistop neutral
ru 's neutral lol
neutral neutral to neutral neutral multiexclamation
tbh neutral loved neutral . neutral liked marcia 's negative , neutral neutral hpositive . jax 's neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral her
neutral negative multiexclamation our neutral positive negator neutral , neutral we neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral masshole and neutral neutral negator loved connecticut intensifier
neutral positive neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral than the neutral ones
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral heard negatives neutral neutral . positive neutral hpositive ?
when positive that neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral neutral ?
nah anetra neutral neutral positive aja 's neutral and neutral intensifier kills aja . positive the hpositive neutral to neutral .
she positive laptops to neutral and neutral to neutral to neutral her neutral

neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive missed neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral shots , neutral negator hnegative neutral .
her neutral mom outshown her neutral
anetra positive intensifier neutral neutral the dl negative , when she neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral her hnegative multistop neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive positive neutral intensifier of queens neutral neutral negator neutral positive .
neutral negative " neutral neutral hnegative " lol . negator neutral with the neutral !
neutral neutral jax positive the neutral neutral neutral
phd neutral dragological neutral
she positive neutral the mtv awards and neutral neutral they neutral gonna neutral you to neutral neutral .
if they neutral neutral neutral she would've neutral neutral . they neutral neutral and she hpositive neutral negator neutral anyth to positive intensifier they neutral neutral . she positive positive negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
her mtq she says “ if neutral has neutral with neutral neutral positive neutral until they neutral neutral and neutral if they positive hpositive neutral they neutral neutral ” she positive intensifier unboth , neutral makes her intensifier neutral
and neutral positive the neutral neutral negative
they neutral neutral neutral with commercials .
they positive intensifier neutral hnegative neutral that we neutral neutral to neutral . geez , positive mtv
you neutral neutral shes neutral of ru 's favorites
neutral : she positive positive her neutral and neutral her shoes neutral neutral .

iren wanted intensifier neutral
and managed to neutral the neutral hnegative , which positive intensifier hnegative to neutral
hpositive neutral negator neutral iren neutral intensifier ideas for the positive neutral hunny
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral :
thi neutral filmed neutral the neutral
that positive hpositive neutral they neutral , they positive negator neutral neutral the seasons neutral to neutral with

nawt neutral shared lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral
you hpositive neutral neutral of neutral from rhonda and and negative 's mom .
that hnegative neutral neutral seemed to intensifier neutral her .
my bf and neutral positive she might've positive positive haha her eyes positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral neutral hpositive her and neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral her neutral neutral haha
luxx positive neutral hnegative neutral , hnegative the neutral / hpositive positive . she knows what positive neutral .
they neutral neutral neutral of the twins , neutral negative
they showed neutral neutral where she neutral she runs the neutral positive reddit lol
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive tv darlings negator neutral positive neutral neutral threats against neutral hnegative and neutral neutral allowed to neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative
gurl , neutral neutral , neutral positive intensifier neutral .
iren positive neutral diminisher intensifier nuanced and hpositive . neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negative negative . luxx and neutral neutral negator hpositive you positive positive you neutral neutral neutral the positive . neutral feelings intensifier neutral . hpositive my neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral tbh
that positive essentally what neutral means and to negative hnegative neutral positive neutral hairs tbh .
neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral ? she positive the positive neutral . neutral from negative anetra stan
lol she positive neutral airtime to the hnegative girls coz they neutral neutral intensifier .
positive to hnegative reunions positive sasha velour
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive that the reunions neutral positive negative / neutral hpositive affairs . the neutral hards hpositive to neutral the neutral of the neutral for the neutral and we neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral . negator 's neutral to positive votes neutral , neutral you positive neutral hnegative neutral and neutral intensifier neutral .
you neutral negator hpositive neutral . everyth neutral that neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral they gon neutral positive lol
neutral things neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
the comments neutral your neutral positive lmao
luxx positive neutral hnegative . neutral her neutral with neutral thi neutral . she positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral she positive positive neutral neutral neutral and she positive hpositive negator intensifier hnegative neutral when to neutral the ‘confident' neutral and when to neutral neutral neutral .
of neutral , intensifier ? neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shenanigans multiquestion

you neutral neutral
ru neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral - she neutral neutral neutral positive and michel typed neutral neutral neutral her ipad
neutral positive neutral positive she positive positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive she neutral neutral when she neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive she neutral joking
she has positive neutral of neutral dramatizing her neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral from neutral diminisher years neutral where she neutral negator neutral the neutral she has neutral the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier diminisher neutral neutral she positive faking the neutral
she neutral hnegative positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive .
nope happened neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral 's neutral positive negative positive of the neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral , intensifier she positive neutral her rights to neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral if she wants , neutral idk if neutral positive intensifier " hnegative " positive she neutral diminisher neutral negative neutral when she speaks neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral yknow
neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral from neutral diminisher years neutral where she neutral negator neutral the neutral she has neutral the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier diminisher neutral neutral she positive faking the neutral
neutral becaus neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral her neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral negative to luxx neutral neutral , and neutral positive positive she positive neutral tweeted neutral it… neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator gonna positive neutral would negator neutral neutral for queens to positive someth neutral neutral neutral that positive to neutral fans of them neutral and neutral negative neutral , neutral multistop neutral neutral negator positive neutral anyon , and neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral of them neutral negator positive intensifier fans of the neutral they neutral claiming to neutral defending . they neutral trolls neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral the neutral and neutral reactions from the queens .
that positive negator hpositive neutral , loosey neutral neutral her fans neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral negative of weeks neutral
positive ! loosey positive negator positive neutral , neutral negator has . neutral neutral to hpositive her neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus she positive neutral neutral “ neutral neutral neutral ” with loosey .
you neutral hnegative for neutral thi neutral neutral neutral the hnegative
they neutral focusing neutral the neutral positive of the neutral neutral , and that positive positive luxx 's positive neutral .
neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral " neutral ! " neutral the pitstop ? positive neutral neutral .
negator
negator lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive surprised neutral neutral luxx that neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral when malaysia positive intensifier hnegative neutral neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive until that neutral . neutral neutral negative thi positive neutral neutral neutral of how these kinds of misunderstandings neutral . neutral positive everyth , and if malaysia neutral hnegative positive that neutral positive for her neutral that neutral .
nah she looks positive
she neutral intensifier hnegative with the twins thi neutral negator ?
neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral she positive positive hpositive neutral .
neutral multistop hpositive yourself
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral glasscock positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral from neutral diminisher years neutral where she neutral negator neutral the neutral she has neutral the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier diminisher neutral neutral she positive faking the neutral . that positive where neutral neutral from .
neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral thi neutral . neutral positive thi neutral neutral filmed neutral they filmed the neutral .
neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral starts neutral negative of arguments and talks neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive the intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral of neutral winners neutral intensifier neutral
her positive positive positive positive , hpositive , haunting . neutral negative to neutral her neutral neutral stepford neutral westworld mashup neutral the hnegative neutral .
neutral that neutral positive hpositive
neutral yellowjackets neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral !
yellowjackets promo ! neutral neutral
neutral neutral malaysia neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral tbh
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ?
neutral positive neutral glasscock 's neutral neutral
neutral neutral gathered and having neutral neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral !
queens hyped neutral thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negative
neutral neutral the neutral of neutral from neutral positive , intensifier that positive what neutral positive referencing lol .
positive
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral her lalaparuza neutral neutral thi has neutral neutral to neutral
reminds neutral of her lalaparuza neutral
neutral ? intensifier ? she positive positive positive of the neutral . neutral neutral neutral luxx . she positive blew diminisher neutral thi neutral neutral the socials !
neutral the queens thi neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . negator of them neutral positive the exploding neutral
neutral intensifier positive positive she neutral neutral
neutral
neutral
you neutral intensifier neutral
you neutral to neutral positive
thi positive negator neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral makes neutral neutral of cartman .
neutral hpositive luxx and her negative . neutral neutral hpositive haters bc she positive snarky and intensifier hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral negative .
y'all neutral neutral fans neutral the hnegative lol . hpositive becaus neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral they hpositive negative
neutral hnegative
how neutral neutral racist… her neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive videos of her neutral youtube
yuuuup . she positive neutral neutral the hnegative neutral for weeks neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral when neutral positive negative neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive that to of the neutral positive positive hpositive humans ( sasha , anetra ) , the hnegative neutral hnegative ( neutral for the neutral neutral ) , and we diminisher neutral the others . neutral neutral marsha and selina neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
malaysia neutral although she neutral neutral the neutral imo . she neutral negator hpositive y'all neutral negative neutral playing with her multiquestion
they neutral you wanna hnegative neutral neutral neutral episodes ? neutral 's hpositive the neutral and neutral neutral hours multiexclamation
we neutral positive the neutral neutral ? neutral , neutral multiquestion
neutral positive neutral positive negative neutral and neutral neutral . positive tf positive
sasha and anetra neutral neutral veeeery neutral and positive
sasha 's neutral the neutral and positive neutral positive sasha neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral has positive monopolizing the neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral tbh
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher hnegative intensifier neutral she positive negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral she positive neutral neutral she positive neutral her " hpositive " and " hpositive " eras , intensifier neutral thi positive hpositive *for her* lmao .
thi positive intensifier hpositive the neutral neutral . anetra has talked positive neutral and neutral with luxx . sasha has positive neutral diminisher moments neutral negator neutral positive positive to neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral to neutral neutral what neutral neutral looks positive
low-key rooting for jamaal and clare
neutral for yourself . neutral neutral having neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral should neutral neutral
neutral neutral what you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral heard of positive neutral
neutral hpositive neutral amps neutral neutral when she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral blaccent .
neutral the neutral multiexclamation
negator
negator
we neutral heard neutral intensifier from neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral and that diminisher *is* how neutral neutral ( neutral ) buuuut neutral neutral negator neutral neutral applies to wigs
how neutral positive positive she neutral neutral neutral positive neutral multiquestion
how ? neutral to hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral
how ?
multistop neutral positive neutral neutral glasscock neutral .
you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive positive negative intensifier of hpositive intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral to negative !
she called herself hnegative ?
neutral neutral negator neutral she wants you
sounds positive you neutral the hnegative .
she neutral negator neutral you .
everyon neutral my viewing neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral the neutral neutral ? positive moreso than they neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral . neutral positive she neutral thi neutral lmao
neutral the neutral of neutral , would negator that hpositive neutral someth negative straightened and damaged neutral neutral ? neutral positive positive neutral positive the neutral of neutral iren 's neutral neutral .
negator ? neutral neutral neutral positive and she *immediately* neutral hpositive kidding
neutral tamar… .
neutral tamar multistop
neutral glasscock
neutral your negative neutral
negator your neutral neutral
the neutral positive neutral neutral of positive / positive neutral hawaii where sasha positive from intensifier she has neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral to neutral neutral neutral
if you neutral neutral neutral neutral makes your neutral neutral hpositive neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive ?
neutral positive to hours if neutral negator wanna neutral neutral neutral lol
she positive neutral neutral glasscocks neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral positive neutral glasscock 's neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral , her intro neutral neutral her quitting neutral intensifier neutral neutral she positive neutral her neutral negative neutral .
neutral hnegative *was* neutral hpositive neutral neutral

neutral
positive anetra neutral , she likes the neutral multistop she hpositive neutral negator neutral . she positive negator hpositive .
we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral we neutral positive the ncaa neutral intensifier we neutral neutral neutral neutral thi year….lol positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral .
when neutral neutral what neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the states neutral neutral topics neutral hpositive that neutral neutral neutral intensifier and intensifier
… *look neutral neutral ! * neutral jokes neutral neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive ! hnegative that…*one* neutral .
neutral tf you neutral things from multiquestion
neutral neutral hpositive neutral . the neutral positive negative . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral sh*rry p*e
hpositive positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral , gigi , jaida , heidi , neutral , nicki doll…it 's neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral and intensifier the neutral positive neutral , and her neutral neutral casts neutral positive neutral neutral the proceedings .
sasha knows hpositive than to neutral neutral neutral neutral , and anetra positive the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , that neutral intensifier fucked neutral .
you neutral to revalu your neutral becaus neutral positive negative negative positive hnegative neutral lol
luxxx neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative makes neutral neutral with neutral . she could negator positive hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral thicker neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier positive
you neutral negator hpositive what you neutral negative neutral
she neutral neutral the neutral multistop positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral negative than her and neutral she has neutral hnegative neutral when she neutral negator hpositive her we neutral negator hpositive these neutral neutral neutral we neutral them boolies positive thi positive positive neutral
you positive “ neutral *with* neutral ” neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral you positive *only* luxx positive neutral hnegative ? hpositive neutral hpositive positive
neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive examples lmao .
neutral negative neutral positive neutral " hnegative " , " negator intensifier hnegative " , " negative positive " , and should hpositive her neutral / when to neutral her neutral . neutral tropes , congrats . neutral : hpositive re-read , and neutral positive positive *more* neutral that neutral . you neutral positive negative olympian-level neutral neutral
neutral she neutral has neutral tendencies , neutral negator for arguing with neutral . neutral you joking ? neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral lol
she positive positive positive diminisher neutral to neutral
we hpositive neutral you neutral positive complaining neutral neutral they neutral negative abt you , hpositive neutral positive ️ we neutral hpositive the neutral !
michel neutral her neutral neutral
she neutral neutral neutral her socials “ negator neutral negative to my sisters . intensifier neutral my neutral . you neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral positive ” neutral the rusical neutral negative .
neutral nailed neutral when neutral neutral neutral watchery when you neutral that neutral of negative , you neutral to neutral to positive the neutral . if they neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral playing with them .
you positive negator hpositive neutral neutral makeup lmaoo
has negator neutral heard of neutral neutral ? neutral : neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral would positive depends neutral when neutral neutral filmed . we hpositive thi neutral neutral filmed the neutral neutral the neutral neutral filmed , neutral neutral neutral neutral filmed neutral which positive neutral shea and neutral positive intensifier positive and negative to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they positive thi neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral to neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier than neutral neutral intensifier hpositive / hpositive than them positive when that neutral hpositive knows neutral
neutral hpositive neutral her neutral hnegative if anyth lol .
loosey would positive herself
these redditors neutral negator positive that neutral areas with neutral pocs neutral their neutral intertwined neutral .
what neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral with blaccents ?
neutral ? ! they neutral neutral thi to the neutral neutral positive positive the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral thi to the neutral neutral positive positive the neutral neutral these neutral positive reunions ( neutral , neutral )
the neutral that negator ends\~
she positive neutral neutral glasscock 's neutral neutral from yall multistop
and hpositive the women 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral that neutral to uconn , intensifier neutral neutral neutral for them neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral positive neutral negative when they positive
neutral negator we neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ?
yup . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . we neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral negator positive hpositive how hpositive until intensifier neutral hnegative states neutral started imploding
neutral positive of neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral that positive neutral into neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and that the neutral ones that negative neutral neutral jaida , heidi , and neutral intensifier neutral hpositive neutral with that .
how neutral you neutral to that neutral neutral neutral neutral negative and latino stfu and neutral with the neutral neutral bs . neutral hpositive neutral these girls .
how neutral you positive negative to what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . if luxx and neutral positive neutral neutral would intensifier neutral positive the neutral neutral
they neutral negator positive neutral luxx . hnegative , the neutral neutral neutral luxx , neutral neutral they positive referenced . neutral neutral neutral expectations that cleared neutral neutral for you .
hpositive your neutral hpositive positive . they neutral neutral bullies . neutral positive hpositive negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral .
when positive fans neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral = / = neutral neutral hpositive neutral lol . neutral neutral negator neutral luxx neutral neutral neutral " neutral hnegative , " they neutral nuanced humans neutral neutral neutral neutral and rotted hnegative hpositive . neutral positive positive that neutral negator neutral myself neutral friends neutral intensifier neutral with them , neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral artists and sisters .
hnegative you positive neutral that neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral thi . what ( neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negative ) neutral you neutral defines luxx 's neutral neutral the neutral neutral her neutral and neutral neutral of ru ? she positive neutral you herself neutral positive her neutral . neutral positive what she brings neutral herself neutral panels . she neutral intensifier neutral *bully* neutral the makeover neutral . neutral neutral positive positive to hpositive her to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral with the neutral . neutral neutral “ i'm neutral to hpositive you thi and you positive negative neutral . ” with neutral to her positive , she says diminisher hpositive things , neutral she seems to hpositive arguing for arguing 's neutral . she could neutral neutral from diminisher of the targets positive from the hnegative queens . neutral neutral neutral “ hnegative , neutral should negator neutral neutral what neutral neutral ” would've neutral negative neutral and neutral diminisher of negative and eq . neutral positive positive that loosey positive luxx neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative - neutral positive positive neutral her neutral neutral . neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral comments if you negative to negative things positive .
negative neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral and putting neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier for poc positive neutral for neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral the " neutral estitties " neutral . and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral and neutral , you neutral neutral , neutral should neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral becaus that positive intensifier hpositive lmao .
negator , that positive hpositive you neutral neutral that neutral .
and neutral neutral neutral that neutral the neutral negative lol
positive , hpositive we positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral positive hnegative problems neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive they positive positive neutral .
positive , quinnipiac plays minnesota neutral the finals !
neutral negator neutral to that positive and neutral neutral neutral . and if you hpositive neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral
im neutral latino intensifier negator neutral neutral bs neutral lol.if you hpositive them neutral you should negator the neutral hnegative neutral happens neutral the neutral neutral you neutral you neutral negative lol
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral positive internalized neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hnegative , internalized homophobia , and internalized negative . the hnegative positive when everyon neutral negator negative to positive thi and neutral neutral how neutral negative positive .
intensifier where neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive neutral and neutral neutral to neutral
if they neutral neutral bullies neutral neutral negator you hpositive positive that ? your neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral luxx and you positive negator neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral negator positive neutral that neutral , you neutral neutral that neutral . everyth you neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral .
she positive neutral latina neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . what neutral neutral you neutral she positive playing ?
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral aka neutral glorified neutral neutral , and neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral would neutral letting neutral neutral .
neutral positive hpositive . neutral jaxx 's neutral when she neutral neutral
positive , intensifier neutral gagworthy runways neutral positive served neutral tina neutral , lala ri , eliott and intensifier !
intensifier positive becaus neutral my hnegative iren positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral that positive neutral neutral biased hnegative hpositive becaus luxx and neutral neutral negator neutral ? what positive that neutral ? hnegative neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral you negator hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral says someth negator negative neutral neutral neutral poc neutral
intensifier neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral poc 's actions positive becaus of neutral hnegative ? that sounds hnegative .
neutral your negative .
becaus thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral negator negative neutral whether neutral positive neutral positive negator neutral hnegative . we neutral negative neutral luxx , and neutral neutral hpositive referencing the freshest anecdotes . neutral you negative neutral to neutral my neutral to neutral neutral neutral to positive that neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative ? lol .
positive neutral neutral negator . you neutral positive to neutral and neutral . you neutral intensifier attacking neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral downvotes neutral the neutral . neutral neutral my positive . if you negative to neutral someth intensifier hpositive , you neutral you , neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral and your comments neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
are…you positive ? neutral you neutral the neutral neutral negator ? she neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral of neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral , neutral replied to neutral neutral positive asking if neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative the neutral . you neutral allowed to hpositive of neutral what you positive . negative neutral neutral diminisher .
luxx neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . heirlooms neutral passed positive neutral generations . neutral neutral passed positive neutral generations would hpositive neutral neutral neutral , positive , etc . —meaning “ hnegative . ” neutral neutral to hpositive thi into someth neutral positive negator .
positive ! you positive positive ( hnegative ) and positive neutral ! ( hpositive )
negator . neutral for neutral if neutral positive neutral called hpositive neutral negative neutral . neutral if you neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral to neutral what you neutral positive . neutral positive neutral accepting you neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral accepting if you negative to neutral neutral neutral positive you neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral . hnegative means that we neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral to things positive intensifier with neutral neutral and hype . positive if you neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral things . if you neutral hpositive when loosey and neutral negative neutral neutral “ robbed ” . positive neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral illicits neutral hpositive neutral . the hpositive and laziest neutral to neutral positive to positive “ neutral they hpositive neutral neutral positive ” .
intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral multistop
how neutral you neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral : you neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral thinks they neutral negative their neutral neutral of anyth , neutral neutral when you neutral neutral negative we neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive what positive your neutral ? you neutral positive neutral her for… neutral what intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier positive how neutral neutral positive for you to neutral to accusing neutral of neutral bias… positive that negator intensifier what you hpositive neutral ? neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral poc neutral positive becaus of that hnegative . and for the neutral , neutral intensifier negative negative and neutral , negator that neutral matters . they neutral hnegative attitudes . neutral neutral negator vibe with luxx . hnegative . negator to neutral with positive . neutral hpositive neutral negator positive her . and neutral neutral allowed to negator positive her . to neutral they neutral neutral positive . and neutral neutral neutral that . if iren neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative she positive neutral if neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral negative hnegative , you attacked neutral neutral , and you attacked neutral neutral negative neutral . you neutral negator positive neutral neutral with anyon 's neutral of neutral if neutral disagrees with your neutral positive . neutral neutral .
nah neutral my neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . neutral monet , neutral , trixi , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that ? nah hpositive her and laganja neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral would positive positive the returning queens / neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral someth neutral my neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of hooking multistop neutral negator positive negative ! neutral neutral . neutral . your . cigarrette . cuz we neutral neutral ! neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral rusical neutral 's negator neutral .
neutral neutral ongina negative neutral hiv neutral sonique neutral she positive trans neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier attacked neutral violets neutral neutral positive positive vs thorgy neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral that valentina neutral neutral neutral neutral vanjie neutral hnegative negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the outfits neutral the losers neutral hpositive than the winners neutral condragulations neutral idk everyon neutral neutral neutral trans neutral neutral neutral neutral anetras positive neutral negative neutral stars mimi vs everyon neutral stars neutral neutral and neutral neutral stars dela neutral neutral aja 's positive neutral neutral stars neutral 's negator neutral neutral stars thi positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive you neutral stars negative 's neutral neutral stars rajas outfits
neutral shannel 's self-nomination neutral the brides vs . tyra sanchez neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral neutral to neutral neutral where you neutral " neutral detox 's neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral negative neutral ? mv neutral bendelacreme 's maggi neutral neutral kennedy neutral 's neutral neutral negative chachki 's neutral neutral neutral sasha velour 's ruveal neutral neutral 's melania neutral neutral " hnegative negator hnegative " neutral neutral neutral the neutral rusical neutral lala ri 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral luxx 's " neutral should neutral neutral ? " neutral neutral stars the neutral vs . mimi imfurst neutral stars the positive of " ruvenge of the queens " neutral stars bendelacreme neutral the neutral neutral stars neutral neutral eliminates neutral luzon neutral stars eartha kitt neutral neutral to neutral neutral stars the positive neutral ganache neutral neutral stars judi neutral forgives fortuna neutral
positive neutral for positive “ neutral neutral negative to neutral intensifier ! ” neutral positive obvs negator neutral the negative of hnegative negator hnegative , neutral neutral has positive quoted neutral intensifier neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative
for neutral neutral positive maskgate .
du : neutral of neutral etc . etc . uses they / them pronouns . for neutral , they neutral negator positive neutral the neutral , intensifier we positive negator neutral neutral them neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral parties , neutral hpositive
negator the neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , negative .
neutral neutral neutral willi anetra neutral to neutral neutral against jax neutral of neutral sasha 's neutral positive letting positive ( duh ) neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral her makeup positive
the neutral we neutral neutral the neutral positive lifestyle^ ( tm )
neutral neutral : anetra vs marcia lipsync . neutral positive neutral the things neutral neutral and neutral .
anetra 's positive neutral

neutral neutral for neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive anetra jumping neutral marcia . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral positive intensifier gaggy neutral positive sasha velour levels .
sasha neutral that she positive hpositive to neutral “ the hpositive neutral ” becaus intensifier neutral trans women neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral
negator hnegative if neutral where neutral ranks neutral the negative of neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive myself positive neutral sashas ( intensifier hnegative positive intensifier hpositive and hpositive hpositive ) teleportation neutral cracks
anetra existing .
luxx 's neutral to " neutral should neutral neutral " anetra positive if she positive neutral neutral becaus sasha looked intensifier intensifier hpositive ru neutral for the neutral when neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive dure her lipsync anetra 's negative neutral neutral the neutral of her positive neutral anetra 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's " neutral " voguing intensifier anyth sasha has neutral neutral the neutral those neutral diminisher positive moments for hnegative
" sasha positive intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral ? " - anetra
defo the hpositive gates neutral luxx 's & loosey 's neutral , they diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral of the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral positive they neutral neutral positive positive positive that positive neutral positive
luxx neutral should neutral neutral and neutral
luxx quoting neutral positive and stan neutral neutral neutral she opened her neutral .
neutral glasscock .
sasha colby anetra 's positive neutral neutral isabel brookes neutral and neutral and her positive letting positive luxx neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral glasscock malaysia ‘i neutral what neutral said' anetra vs marcia neutral 's runways… .
luxx 's neutral should neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure the photoshoot anetra 's neutral neutral anetra “ neutral y'all neutral that positive neutral ? ” iren picking neutral neutral neutral the inches hpositive neutral the gates neutral negative loosey 's neutral neutral and neutral with her neutral ( neutral neutral neutral minis ) becaus of the neutral neutral , we neutral negator intensifier neutral to neutral neutral moments neutral the challenges ( intensifier the mini challenges ! ) intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of .
neutral neutral duh , " neutral positive " has to neutral neutral the neutral for neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative neutral picking neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus she has intensifier neutral diminisher hnegative cutaways . hnegative hpositive neutral to neutral with neutral " neutral neutral neutral " positive .
she neutral positive neutral her neutral neutral .
neutral shit . sasha neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral ! hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes neutral tickets neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the hpositive to neutral her and neutral her how neutral neutral neutral her representing the girls neutral she neutral to performances : neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral from neutral , positive the neutral from thi neutral to paramore .
she neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral that neutral neutral of twinks lmao . hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral
neutral would negator neutral my hands .
sasha colby crowdsurfing to " negative neutral " positive lgbt rights personified
what positive neutral positive to neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral
hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive of sashas neutral neutral you ️
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral if neutral neutral neutral that neutral of neutral that positive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral loves and supports neutral of neutral , neutral positive neutral the neutral should neutral her neutral neutral .
“ neutral the neutral radioooo . ” where my hedwig fans neutral ?
ugh neutral hpositive neutral neutral she neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to hours neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral hnegative she positive neutral neutral wtw when they neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral
what neutral the neutral ?
sasha makes neutral negative to neutral
she bestowed her neutral neutral our neutral neutral . neutral .
anyth you neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral negative . neutral negator neutral !
goddammit neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral these things neutral they neutral ? !
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral sasha neutral negative of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral years becaus neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier hnegative ( and neutral intensifier hpositive ) to neutral her neutral the neutral ! neutral neutral neutral thrilled that she gets the hpositive to neutral her positive with the neutral neutral neutral .
she neutral neutral positive to my positive neutral neutral … neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral to hpositive her neutral intensifier than neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive , how neutral neutral positive neutral her neutral ? neutral neutral hnegative to neutral her neutral neutral .
positive neutral positive ?
lmao how neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral
lmao they positive her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral my neutral , what neutral negative
negative . she has thi neutral of neutral everyon neutral the neutral positive neutral . when neutral tips , she positive neutral what neutral positive to neutral of neutral " neutral hugs " where she positive hpositive hnegative to neutral neutral diminisher neutral / neutral which neutral hpositive .
neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral
*i positive the neutral neutral ! * when yitzak falls neutral into the neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
she positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , ri thi neutral ! neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral tickets positive .
neutral nightclub
positive neutral hnegative shoes if you negative to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to the neutral positive thi ! neutral takes neutral intensifier of neutral positive to negator neutral neutral with everyon negative into neutral hnegative neutral to neutral neutral to her . she positive negative negative neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative ! neutral her neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive
you neutral positive the neutral and hpositive that everyon neutral the neutral has for her , and neutral her hpositive and neutral for the fans . she intensifier negative neutral her neutral neutral performing and interacted with the neutral neutral intensifier ( neutral hnegative to neutral hands neutral neutral tips , playing neutral with neutral neutral neutral their phones and neutral selfies neutral neutral , neutral surfing , neutral neutral neutral neutral herself , neutral positive , etc etc ) . neutral the neutral of her neutral positive everyon started neutral her neutral .

neutral hpositive that sugar/spice referenced her thi neutral and neutral neutral . glasscock for neutral stars
neutral hpositive how neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral than neutral lmaoooo
neutral unironicly stan neutral neutral . the positive neutral for neutral positive positive and negative and she gets neutral
neutral positive positive intensifier hnegative . we neutral intensifier neutral how neutral positive has evolved sinc neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral
thi positive the positive of the neutral neutral neutral
the neutral that neutral 's neutral looks intensifier negative , hnegative hpositive and negator cinched neutral neutral makes thi hpositive funnier . she positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral interviews she showed neutral neutral neutral neutral ru .
that neutral neutral the upper-left positive neutral
thi positive neutral of the neutral looks of neutral positive herstory , if you neutral negator neutral you neutral hpositive hnegative
neutral positive intensifier hnegative , neutral negator with her
neutral stan neutral popoppy
neutral hpositive her intensifier intensifier neutral
she positive intensifier negative neutral hpositive her , neutral positive her positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive she negator tbh .
neutral gasped , intensifier . she neutral thaaat
neutral hpositive thi neutral intensifier neutral
thi positive intensifier intensifier neutral
positive positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral would hpositive for neutral neutral to neutral neutral jeans-and-top neutral hnegative glam
the funniest neutral to neutral positive the neutral neutral cuz you neutral negator neutral what neutral 's neutral neutral positive thi positive neutral
neutral craigslist positive .
icess pop^oppy
hahahahahahhahahaha thi positive negative
neutral neutral
the neutral neutral hollered
neutral neutral neutral neutral searched neutral and realized thi neutral neutral of messages positive positive positive started . def neutral her neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier to neutral thi for neutral for the neutral of thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral ?
neutral neutral hnegative positive ; neutral positive hnegative neutral .
negator the positive she positive neutral neutral
that neutral looks positive
she positive multistop the neutral neutral neutral negator positive
neutral you for neutral thi becaus neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral her neutral
neutral positive gasped and screamed . neutral points for neutral .
neutral neutral they neutral to her neutral the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative negator to neutral . neutral .
positive neutral neutral of the neutral
she positive intensifier hnegative ! neutral meme neutral .
hnegative neutral , neutral & neutral and neutral glasscock neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator to neutral neutral , neutral neutral flowers neutral neutral neutral of them positive neutral , becaus she neutral into her neutral the neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , and neutral for neutral airlines . neutral neutral positive , " neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you hpositive hpositive neutral your positive neutral , neutral ! "
when neutral they neutral her neutral neutral negator neutral lol
becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral positive padded lmao
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral shitpost
her positive neutral positive neutral of my neutral neutral favorites !
to neutral neutral , when neutral glasscock neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral of what everyon neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral her neutral the negative neutral neutral , she positive neutral neutral to akashia and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral . positive neutral / neutral positive has evolved , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral queens positive neutral neutral and t-shirts neutral positive haha ! negator to positive neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral ! neutral neutral , neutral multistop and dida ritz . bonjour neutral multiexclamation
they neutral positive cremieux neutral that positive hpositive neutral
neutral held neutral gunpoint neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral marcia ?
" neutral , neutral neutral neutral " the positive neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral !
neutral , neutral neutral neutral ?
screamed .
symone 's reigning neutral neutral hpositive thi
neutral pills neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral becaus of the neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral t-shirt and neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral mins the youtube neutral releasef neutral intensifier fr
neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral and neutral .
how positive thi neutral neutral diminisher neutral ? she has neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral neutral terminals positive you neutral them with neutral your neutral hotties . and neutral of neutral 's hnegative airline services , neutral 's the hpositive negative . neutral positive hpositive to neutral for negative airline .
they neutral intensifier hpositive with their neutral and neutral . they positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral negative . neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral what ? neutral neutral neutral neutral with the glasscock positive my coworker and neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral multiquestion thi positive the positive of my neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral where they positive negative neutral queens from neutral seasons . neutral neutral hnegative neutral negator neutral the neutral negative . neutral positive positive neutral maaay neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral could neutral intensifier hnegative .
neutral intensifier loved her positive neutral and positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral for someth ru would hpositive . neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral . to neutral her positive neutral roscoe 's that the judges positive positive negative neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
diminisher girls positive neutral neutral intensifier , neutral diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral jujubee…in neutral lol . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and she neutral into neutral stars neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . ongina neutral negator intensifier neutral into neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral .
what neutral you hpositive neutral neutral ? !
neutral the snipers
neutral hpositive when neutral of my positive shows neutral neutral . how has tina negative negator positive neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral her and ami poehler to neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral the neutral judges for the neutral .
neutral
spilled
neutral , negator , neutral would negator negative to neutral for negative airline neutral we neutral should negator neutral hnegative . neutral jobs neutral hpositive . what positive hnegative with neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive hpositive that hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral everyon would hpositive neutral neutral what they hpositive , whether neutral neutral neutral neutral stewardessing .
whaaaat ru neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive for hnegative she positive hpositive thi negative shit . that positive intensifier hnegative . the neutral neutral gets neutral neutral my neutral ! neutral hpositive puppets !
neutral neutral hpositive when ongina talks neutral her neutral and she neutral neutral , shannel , and neutral and she positive that neutral and shannel positive the hosts
c'mon , neutral !
bendelacremieux positive neutral le hizzieux for shizzieux garçonnnnnn ? !
neutral shangela neutral neutral intensifier she gets the neutral positive
the neutral neutral positive neutral that intensifier makes neutral negative .

that positive intensifier hpositive
thi positive intensifier negative neutral
neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral mini neutral where the neutral rugirls neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral neutral challenges that neutral neutral positive the neutral and neutral to neutral the neutral neutral them and neutral gets neutral neutral hpositive positive they neutral neutral neutral . neutral of hpositive neutral neutral
neutral hpositive thi . neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral negative neutral neutral rudemption !
the neutral neutral of the neutral
neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral stars neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive hpositive ! neutral glasscocks neutral you !
omg neutral neutral thi
#holdingoutforglasscock
neutral neutral neutral would neutral hnegative if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of friends neutral
you neutral positive positive filmed
and neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral ( positive )
fuck neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral neutral ru ! rupaul !
neutral neutral positive neutral positive
and her diminisher neutral negative ! neutral neutral negative neutral you , michel !
# neutral neutral positive she neutral
the neutral , neutral , and neutral intensifier runs neutral the neutral
neutral neutral liked neutral neutral of her neutral looks neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral for neutral . hnegative neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive negator my fav .
neutral neutral positive positive neutral has the neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral where neutral positive neutral if she positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral embellishments and positive could negator neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative we neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral of her looks neutral the neutral thi neutral
hpositive to her neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive iren positive gonna neutral the neutral with her neutral and neutral herself neutral neutral intensifier of negative neutral
the details neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral her neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral .
positive she neutral neutral merkin multiquestion
everyth she could've neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral positive . they positive neutral negative to negator neutral her neutral for neutral stars .

you neutral neutral
neutral negative she intensifier neutral neutral her neutral to neutral
neutral the neutral of bosco neutral thi combo positive . the neutral , neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral
she heard her positive positive neutral neutral and neutral that hnegative to neutral to neutral
your faves ~~can never~~ positive neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral inches negative neutral ? neutral neutral hoping neutral reads hpositive when neutral neutral the neutral
rpdruk 'prehistoric' neutral teas
lol the neutral she neutral that neutral negative with that neutral
neutral neutral hpositive thi neutral from the nipples neutral . the neutral positive hpositive hpositive . the neutral neutral intensifier neutral & neutral negator neutral to neutral her positive .
positive ! neutral positive intensifier neutral , the neutral of neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive negator intensifier hpositive . positive neutral neutral could neutral the neutral intensifier neutral neutral hoping neutral positive hpositive neutral ! the armoresque neutral positive negative and the negative positive neutral !
ehhhhh
neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral quitting neutral multistop you neutral positive neutral
" if you neutral for neutral , neutral positive hnegative negative ! " neutral
obsessed with the neutral that they neutral them neutral diminisher housewives taglines neutral wins for neutral , marcia neutral semi-distant neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral glasscock - squirrels , neutral positive neutral .
thoughts : - the housewives-style entrances neutral neutral for thi neutral . - what the fuck positive anetra neutral . neutral neutral we negator neutral neutral neutral the gigs ? - time-traveled to the - neutral positive the shannel to neutral 's neutral glasscock . - malaysia intensifier positive “ gowns , hpositive gowns . ” neutral . - neutral 's neutral neutral realness… negator neutral neutral to stan . - neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative . - neutral positive the neutral hpositive neutral maxi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . - sasha embodying “ if neutral ain't positive , neutral negator hnegative neutral ” positive neutral .
sasha looks neutral neutral with the neutral montrese contacts , neutral neutral stunned . iren , malaysia and ofc neutral killed neutral with the looks
“ if you neutral for neutral , neutral *will* hnegative . ” neutral neutral intensifier hnegative the neutral neutral neutral heard neutral positive neutral .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral of malaysia
neutral neutral neutral for the intensifier housewives of rupaul 's neutral positive .
positive neutral and neutral of the neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive she neutral " i'm quoting neutral " lol
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier for referencing neutral of my positive housewives taglines neutral
luxx neutral positive the neutral neutral positive :
neutral neutral neutral positive positive she looked neutral the neutral .
neutral positive to luxx and realized thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral / neutral of her neutral neutral the hair/makeup positive neutral and that neutral neutral hpositive neutral her . )
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my neutral favourite . neutral positive neutral hnegative they neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral becaus they intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral , positive bianca and hpositive neutral dresses neutral of the neutral neutral ? how neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral ?
neutral .
neutral neutral multiples of neutral !
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral my hnegative the closest neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral these neutral intensifier neutral my positive neutral
neutral would positive neutral and stronger than and
neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher misses…
diminisher sneaks
hpositive , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive that they positive to neutral their positive neutral that neutral . intensifier intensifier than neutral the neutral finales . hpositive they positive neutral neutral diminisher intensifier of that neutral non-lockdown seasons .
neutral neutral positive we would negator neutral positive piñata and positive neutral neutral negator neutral we would neutral positive the neutral positive neutral negative positive neutral
neutral positive bianca neutral them neutral .
the doors she positive opened
that positive becaus neutral positive . neutral and neutral positive **identical** neutral records . maxis , minis , highs , safes , lows , bottoms . neutral types of positive wins . they neutral neutral neutral neutral challenges and neutral positive positive neutral . they neutral positive neutral moments neutral the neutral , positive neutral neutral narrators and positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
positive their names
neutral intensifier ! neutral positive hpositive that neutral of that neutral . hpositive hpositive they positive positive to neutral positive neutral the hnegative finalists .
hpositive neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive : neutral neutral negator positive shit , neutral neutral negator gonna positive shit
neutral seems positive marcia 's neutral positive neutral positive neutral to cher from clueless ?
negator everyon negative neutral 's neutral . thi positive what happens when negator walks the children neutral hpositive .
negator you positive neutral
neutral positive neutral positive positive giselle hnegative neutral that neutral lol
neutral and neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral their tv , neutral neutral neutral and the disney neutral .
thi positive intensifier what dreams neutral neutral of
neutral to neutral , paolo !
how neutral neutral negator neutral the hilari neutral neutral omg !
lizzi and neutral positive negative neutral vibe . the twins neutral positive
the twins neutral hpositive
neutral hpositive neutral 's positive of neutral . negator neutral neutral would neutral of that
neutral neutral " chapstick ? ! ? ! neutral positive neutral you chapstick "

the twins neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral clicking neutral . neutral positive bamboozled
positive how neutral you neutral neutral glasscock neutral your positive and hpositive neutral neutral *more pedestrian*️
ahh you neutral neutral ! neutral intensifier positive to neutral neutral ! ‍️

neutral positive the clueless neutral , neutral positive the to wong foo reference…im neutral negative
neutral her mawma , thi positive negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ! they could neutral neutral mom and neutral neutral that neutral multiexclamation
lol neutral positive they positive referencing these neutral : ! ( giphy|ybnzihyhtiafs )
sasha neutral she positive the neutral she negative neutral neutral lol
the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral becki 's neutral to neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive lol
neutral negator neutral your neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral positive neutral with your rectractions , neutral
️
neutral my neutral & positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral ! neutral has the positive neutral neutral !
hpositive hnegative multiexclamation
neutral negator neutral for neutral superiorli positive lets positive ( tm ) neutral neutral these whores
yesss neutral negator neutral to neutral and re-watch hnegative moments from thi neutral for years to neutral ! intensifier neutral fireballs neutral the neutral .
neutral 's neutral ?
neutral hpositive if that positive the “ neutral hpositive to neutral hnegative positive ” neutral ? intensifier they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral and negator hnegative neutral shots of hnegative queens ?
loosey 's neutral américa answers positive what neutral positive positive clocking neutral neutral neutral , her neutral looked positive she neutral negative to neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral ru-union multiexclamation neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral that neutral
that neutral claps to daya
we neutral her positive , she has negator negative !

hnegative if she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral the loosening positive upon neutral sisters
my neutral neutral denver hpositive positive neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral the neutral . she neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral cher , neutral neutral degrees neutral , neutral shit .
cher positive positive “ neutral hey neutral ” bc they neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of hpositive
neutral negator hpositive when thi neutral neutral cher looks neutral ! ( she looks negative than neutral ! )
neutral positive neutral trippy af to neutral your neutral performing neutral neutral of you
she looks positive when neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral to you and you hpositive neutral of neutral neutral positive . neutral positive intensifier that
she positive negator neutral positive
positive that to cher
when neutral thi multiquestion
cher looks negative
neutral hpositive for neutral of them , imo
she looks neutral of annoyed neutral neutral
juli neutral
cher neutral the noochiest nooch
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
that neutral my neutral hpositive negative and she neutral negative
shaaaaaaade
neutral neutral and neutral
thi neutral positive hpositive
neutral you neutral matthews ️
she positive neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral she positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral michaels positive , cher realizes that she positive cher , and neutral the fiercest negative positive negator cher multistop hnegative
neutral positive to whomev neutral to neutral neutral , including myself
neutral neutral you hpositive neutral neutral if you wanna negative neutral neutral .
they neutral performing , neutral
thi reddit vid positive neutral years neutral intensifier negator hnegative if cher intensifier neutral of neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral thi shows cher neutral tears of neutral 's positive . seems positive cher positive hnegative of neutral .
neutral you for that neutral multiexclamation ️️
that positive negator cher … omg
diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral you neutral ? neutral positive hpositive you neutral positive intensifier intensifier . neutral that positive neutral ?
what positive the neutral , for the hnegative ?
" she 's neutral neutral . neutral to the neutral to the neutral to the neutral "
***that neutral positive neutral . you don't***
***want to neutral neutral neutral neutral that negative . ***
***she hnegative neutral neutral sandinista . *** neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral myself that neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative hahahaha
selena eschichis
neutral has juli newmar negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multiquestion
latina hpositive . hpositive neutral ! ! ( giphy|mfsvwijxakixu )
multistop becaus neutral neutral negator positive diminisher estitties .
larger than neutral positive hpositive the neutral negative . hnegative .
to neutral , positive for everyth
gurl , she hpositive wanna neutral positive
positive ! hpositive neutral
she neutral .

neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral swayze , neutral leguizamo and wesley snipes neutral neutral queens vida , noxeema and chi-chi . neutral positive called “ to wong foo , positive for everyth ! juli newmar ”
“ she 's the latina marilyn monroe , and she positive positive intensifier neutral 's than neutral neutral of neutral ”
positive how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral to hpositive what neutral sandinista positive . neutral neutral neutral rodriguez positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative .
hpositive negative
neutral , she positive diminisher hnegative negator neutral neutral of the neutral neutral these neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive thi neutral , and neutral makes neutral intensifier hnegative that neutral would neutral protested , if neutral neutral released positive . how neutral we neutral positive .
" if neutral neutral your neutral would you neutral my neutral ? "
to wong foo tfejn positive neutral positive neutral !

pls neutral neutral youngins multiexclamation neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral negative
aye neutral everyon . neutral neutral playing negative characters multiquestion nope . negative characters neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral , negative and neutral positive ? intensifier negator .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral my ( intensifier neutral ) neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral kid . neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral realized what neutral neutral neutral neutral of time… neutral hpositive wanted to neutral the neutral from the ads neutral the neutral neutral dresses , and the names of the actors neutral positive him positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of film… neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive the neutral and we positive our neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive intensifier neutral to neutral their neutral to neutral movies neutral neutral queens neutral the hnegative
" don't neutral neutral neutral thi , mamis , neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive de-see-sed . "
neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral to the positive neutral " to wong foo : positive for everyth - juli newmar " neutral negator neutral neutral neutral details neutral her neutral becaus neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral leguizamo plays neutral neutral neutral neutral rodriguez ( neutral the neutral neutral devayne named herself neutral ) multistop when noxeema and vida neutral neutral for the neutral neutral vida asks her : " diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral ? " and noxeema tells her what my neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative sandinistas from my neutral neutral 🇳🇮
neutral neutral neutral neutral glasscock neutral
neutral neutral glasscock
what positive thi neutral neutral ? negative neutral to neutral notes from neutral .
neutral hpositive the neutral sasha positive hpositive reusing her lalaparuza neutral neutral stan negative ecofriendly neutral
malaysia looks intensifier hpositive ! ️
neutral positive neutral neutral jimbo
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral those bitches .
positive that iren neutral to ru ?
loosey neutral the neutral chair^^^^^^tm
sasha and anetra neutral closest to ru multistop
neutral and neutral neutral lizzi mcguire neutral
malaysia positive neutral .
omg neutral neutral intensifier negative !
they neutral neutral intensifier negative
ru neutral neutral marcia neutral neutral neutral from her neutral neutral becaus she neutral negator positive her
neutral positive negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative of her lalaparuza neutral
that positive positive
neutral neutral negative positive hpositive that multiexclamation
neutral the neutral ? positive
that positive neutral miselle neutral negator positive you !
neutral neutral positive looked hpositive to neutral . she looks neutral neutral neutral and if she recycled neutral neutral for the neutral neutral would negator positive
neutral positive neutral ? hnegative
neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral trans and my neutral gets to neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier the neutral positive of what they negative to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative that my neutral neutral positive neutral these neutral positive and neutral aroused . and neutral hpositive neutral . neutral
her interviews neutral neutral intensifier positive and hpositive
and positive .
neutral neutral neutral sasha hpositive neutral neutral
plz sasha neutral neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral negative neutral to how she neutral hpositive neutral full-time neutral hnegative neutral negator having positive neutral youtube neutral , neutral podcast , neutral neutral neutral negative multistop positive positive she hpositive performing neutral venues and neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative of neutral bills ? negator of thi positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative . and positive , neutral neutral neutral , you neutral to positive your neutral neutral neutral those looks , and neutral neutral negator hpositive if they neutral neutral neutral
thi positive positive neutral she has to neutral neutral . neutral native-hawaiian transgender neutral , neutral her neutral thirties and positive neutral neutral ? thee neutral neutral against the bigots
positive , neutral positive neutral full-time neutral for neutral intensifier of queens ! neutral neutral negator hpositive the neutral neutral of how they neutral paid , neutral neutral hnegative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral from the neutral etc . neutral neutral neutral brooklyn and neutral neutral neutral intensifier , and neutral positive intensifier positive that neutral of the positive neutral girls ( non-derogatory ) neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral full-time .
queens neutral neutral fees negative intensifier they neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative tips .
neutral positive negative the neutral neutral . thi positive hpositive . neutral what positive neutral neutral positive ?
neutral of hiring bosco
neutral positive negative how she neutral neutral and positive , neutral negator negative 's neutral . she positive intensifier negative
she hpositive keeps neutral hpositive . neutral neutral her to neutral neutral neutral neutral someth hpositive the promo for thi
negator the neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral gets neutral 's neutral
negator thi neutral neutral rebrand of
negator that negative neutral neutral
her hpositive neutral the neutral , she neutral neutral positive notes of neutral and neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive to that multiquestion
neutral smells positive neutral positive
negator neutral 's vag ?
intensifier neutral positive neutral ?

neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral
sasha velour , and you hpositive neutral from how she looked and neutral herself that neutral that the bi positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral methyd neutral negative multistop her positive !
negative , yuhua positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral vibes of neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative haunted neutral and sadako 's hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral could negator neutral neutral of her . hpositive the neutral mega neutral neutral of neutral winners , yuhua hamasaki .
yuhua samarasaki
y'all gotta neutral pictures neutral your comments . negator neutral shit lol
neutral hpositive 's neutral intensifier intensifier !
neutral stars neutral 's hnegative neutral and katya neutral negator makeup
katya neutral the neutral with the half-burnt neutral lives neutral my positive neutral neutral .
plastique neutral negative neutral her neutral neutral .
detox , negator negative .
neutral intensifier liked yvie 's neutral
thi hpositive neutral - neutral neutral neutral neutral glasscock positive the positive favourite neutral neutral !
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral daya betti looked *magnificent* neutral the neutral neutral 's neutral . she looked positive diminisher neutral of neutral neutral .
kameron 's neutral neutral hpositive .
sasha velour
adding neutral neutral neutral asap multiexclamation
neutral lynn hytes' neutral neutral positive my positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral glasscock hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral looks . positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral positive looks , neutral negator neutral intensifier of neutral neutral . neutral neutral that neutral to positive positive neutral ru neutral neutral neutral hoodi and neutral facekini . and neutral neutral her facecrack neutral negative .
a'keria
neutral
intensifier anyon neutral negative anyth neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral detox 's neutral neutral / neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral imprinted neutral my neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral for her negative neutral negative neutral
positive negative hpositive neutral looks . yuhua , neutral , neutral , negative intensifier hpositive .
negative neutral bottoms looked negative . loved neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral intensifier positive sasha velour 's , neutral positive intensifier positive neutral and intensifier positive to her
ra'jah o'hara neutral neutral that neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral and her hpositive neutral that neutral into the neutral of the neutral positive neutral of the positive moments of that neutral
katya neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral 's neutral for the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive if neutral hnegative neutral neutral counts neutral neutral look… if neutral does… alaskaaaaa
kornbread " the neutral " jeté .
detox icunt
bianca 's , neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral . neutral hpositive
neutral positive neutral negative neutral tammi negative neutral neutral neutral . the negative neutral with the too-low neutral neutral hnegative the receding neutral ? neutral positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral
yuhua , negator positive
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral and neutral neutral positive wtf positive kalorie neutral neutral
alaskas negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ,
sasha colby neutral " hnegative you positive "
yvie neutral neutral neutral neutral and with her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
yvie 's bath-time neutral .
detox has negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive positive for yuhua to neutral neutral for neutral stars hpositive and neutral you .
kornbread 's neutral neutral positive campy neutral and negative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral and her positive
neutral methyd 's negative
hpositive that neutral neutral neutral ! the neutral !
the neutral she neutral neutral the neutral the neutral neutral .
positive , the neutral .
neutral of neutral , neutral yuhua
neutral neutral her neutral and she talked neutral neutral for the neutral neutral .
frrr


neutral neutral positive to neutral her negator negative , hpositive hpositive .
for intensifier neutral anyth the neutral to " what 's your favourite \_\_\_\_\_ ? " positive detox
neutral neutral neutral neutral ! hnegative

created neutral neutral neutral !
that neutral lives neutral neutral neutral my positive . neutral neutral takes neutral the neutral neutral deserves .
the neutral ducky earrings multiexclamation
neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral
intensifier
“ neutral neutral neutral , you neutral positive ! ”
neutral hpositive she neutral the negative ( featuring kameron michaels ) of thi neutral , neutral she looked intensifier . positive .
neutral the children ( and neutral them neutral hpositive )
neutral neutral neutral positive dure her neutral neutral that she says * " neutral neutral the positive , neutral , hpositive neutral of neutral neutral mafia neutral , positive her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive positive positive neutral hpositive relatives " * and positive she shows neutral to the neutral positive that . neutral hpositive her intensifier intensifier neutral .
positive thi the neutral yall neutral gaggng for ?
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that positive multistop neutral
negator neutral that negative neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral positive amongst neutral diminisher neutral neutral that time… if neutral neutral positive gottmik neutral neutral of them . neutral positive negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral
pls she neutral intensifier bothered neutral that neutral lol
shes negative . my neutral for the positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral intensifier neutral queens than katya ? positive . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive queens than katya ? positive . neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive hpositive , hnegative , hnegative , hpositive queens than katya ? negative negator . she positive negative neutral neutral the hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral . neutral hpositive her . neutral would neutral her neutral anyth . she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that negator neutral contained .
negator neutral positive her negative negative neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral becaus the neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral neutral neutral
neutral oops neutral positive neutral
that neutral for the neutral , negator ?
neutral what neutral you neutral ? lolll
neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral that neutral they positive neutral and the neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral positive negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for positive neutral neutral the neutral
neutral , neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative becaus neutral neutral negator positive the neutral positive lol
would negator that neutral neutral *isnt* neutral ? … hnegative negative .
lol thi neutral neutral neutral of messages positive the positive that keeps neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral
lol neutral positive neutral the neutral positive “ neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral neutral - positive the neutral that you positive they would . the hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive positive . positive neutral neutral neutral analyzed neutral , although neutral neutral neutral hpositive that neutral positive negator positive haha .
positive that positive negative neutral neutral ?
neutral you neutral neutral neutral the comments
until neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ( that intensifier neutral )
anetra neutral neutral positive and neutral to negative our pussies neutral
neutral hpositive how she neutral the neutral neutral her neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive my hpositive
neutral neutral and neutral neutral to hpositive neutral where neutral the neutral her ancestors neutral from to neutral if neutral neutral neutral allowed to neutral neutral willi .
neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral positive for you hpositive hpositive fuck neutral
anetra positive intensifier neutral . omg , neutral neutral neutral neutral ? !
neutral neutral positive positive
thi positive neutral loosey negative neutral positive to neutral positive
anetra has neutral heated
neutral hpositive neutral that intensifier neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral , neutral , neutral neutral and positive
fuck
neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral ! intensifier , neutral multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral neutral my hnegative anetra positive , neutral neutral thi positive the hottest for neutral . hpositive
hottest queens neutral neutral positive neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral
hnegative neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
anetra positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral hpositive contestants of neutral neutral
neutral
negator to neutral , neutral intensifier to neutral multistop neutral .
neutral of the neutral and for the neutral of my neutral
thi subreddit positive neutral neutral into negative anetra positive subreddit and neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral anyon hpositive what the neutral says ?
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive thi positive negator neutral

anetra the hpositive neutral of the neutral
thi positive ex-mormon neutral diminisher neutral with that positive ex-mormon . and , we positive negator hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral / neutral neutral . iykyk

uuuggghhh neutral neutral
positive
daddyyyy
neutral hours ? ! what hpositive neutral !
*faints*
my wiily has positive positive multiexclamation
neutral would positive to neutral neutral anetra for continuing to positive my hpositive with neutral positive thi . she intensifier positive the neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral )
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral where anetra and sasha positive having neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral the crowning multistop neutral with that info what you positive . lol
neutral anyon neutral the negative for neutral hpositive neutral ? becaus my basement…flooded .
negator neutral neutral to positive the instagram negative
hnegative neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral themselv the neutral of the neutral
yum
you positive neutral neutral and shit
my neutral ? neutral neutral neutral of ducks .
neutral neutral neutral comments neutral how hpositive and neutral anetra positive and to neutral positive neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral that
neutral .
neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . anetra could've placed the neutral negative intensifier that we could neutral her neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral .
hpositive what positive she neutral to neutral to neutral with thi neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral could neutral and / neutral neutral anetra negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive anetra to fck neutral hpositive intensifier
that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral my neutral into the neutral and positive until neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral for the neutral neutral . positive the neutral . neutral negative . neutral neutral , neutral into my neutral , negative neutral of my neutral walls . neutral sucked and licked and slurped and neutral , neutral from my negative to my neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral pressed neutral positive into my negative , neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral my—mhmm—i neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative and neutral neutral *glorious* .
neutral the riggory of neutral to of wrestlemania and thi neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral smackdown intensifier and neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral my dvr neutral / neutral smackdown positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral that neutral . neutral they neutral negator hpositive my viewership
neutral neutral positive dropped
traaaaaaaaaaaade of the neutral and our neutral
and neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator to neutral positive .
positive neutral neutral neutral negative ?
neutral positive neutral hours neutral ? ! / multiexclamation / $ / ) / ? ! / neutral neutral neutral the neutral omg
anetra , hpositive !
sasha colby neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that anetra hnegative intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive anetra / neutral / neutral / neutral
positive neutral neutral to neutral pregante from neutral neutral ?
positive positive , neutral neutral .
anetra positive intensifier intensifier negative
neutral has negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral positive anetra intensifier intensifier neutral !
neutral positive intensifier neutral . intensifier unfair…
neutral neutral neutral , if she loses , neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive she positive neutral neutral negative onlyfans neutral the neutral . positive negator that what everybodi wants ?
neutral positive negative neutral hell… upsets neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral
she positive neutral my negative outtttt
neutral
intensifier neutral that she gained neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral dr ( she neutral looked neutral ) neutral she neutral soo neutral ! she looks soo hpositive neutral


neutral hpositive positive positive .
neutral hours positive intensifier they neutral neutral neutral for loosy to neutral her neutral places
neutral positive intensifier hpositive .
‍️
neutral hnegative neutral f_cking walked neutral 's neutral and into my neutral neutral , neutral .
neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral .
what neutral she positive ?
neutral looked neutral neutral positive neutral neutral thi and neutral of the comments neutral her positive , “ she wants the neutral negator neutral ”
neutral lynn negative
neutral my hnegative paperwork neutral we neutral
we hpositive negative positive positive neutral
neutral positive neutral manetra ️️
intensifier hpositive
negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral
and my neutral ( hpositive “ and my neutral ! ” neutral reddit )
debra hpositive ( neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral ansistry.com )
neutral the neutral you neutral neutral
i—
retweet
okay trixi
neutral neutral negator
she neutral we positive neutral someth if she neutral negator - loosey neutral neutral the neutral studies and neutral the neutral , gurl .
neutral the neutral intensifier neutral
ma'am thi positive neutral wendi 's
neutral what if she positive neutral negative ? lol
negator you neutral negator ! multistop you neutral neutral neutral neutral .
you
negative , neutral , hpositive , neutral
neutral , f\*cking , neutral , neutral
neutral , negative , hnegative , hpositive
negative , positive , dreaming - l-word neutral
cumming
im neutral negative / /
- neutral
neutral
neutral looks neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral looks neutral hpositive negator the neutral haha
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral for that positive
hpositive neutral
moments neutral ru declares neutral bisexuals the neutral of neutral
lmaoooo what positive thi multiquestion !
what positive thi im neutral
🇵🇭️🇵🇭 our ( neutral ) filipina neutral
anetra seems hpositive neutral ; she positive neutral and enjoys the neutral negator neutral neutral . she positive hpositive neutral fuck neutral neutral neutral , positive the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( imo ) and neutral the second-best neutral neutral neutral the neutral ( utica = ) . neutral neutral hnegative of her runways positive intensifier positive and neutral negative positive hnegative neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus she positive neutral her positive and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral challenges . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of things , negator hpositive the neutral your neutral looks .
you neutral intensifier hpositive intensifier of neutral neutral louds neutral neutral , hpositive you positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and negator neutral thi neutral neutral hpositive neutral
neutral def would negator neutral thi neutral . neutral anetra def benefits from neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
diminisher thoughts neutral hpositive neutral neutral your neutral
hnegative neutral the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive thi and positive neutral positive neutral
positive neutral to neutral neutral someones neutral
! ( giphy|aqgqcobsxfixy )
hpositive neutral neutral she wears positive neutral neutral
neutral tf negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
" negator covid "
luxx and kornbread , negative . the negative wants what neutral wants
neutral negator positive neutral that .

neutral you . we neutral neutral winners neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral
r/unexpectedlywholesome
negator hnegative neutral needed to neutral thi megan .
>백절불굴 hnegative neutral neutral neutral , how in-domitable neutral we negative ?
positive ! neutral neutral thi hpositive her intensifier hpositive
if intensifier , they neutral neutral neutral .
lol hpositive thi neutral .
lol hpositive that ! the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive ( neutral / anetra neutral neutral to sasha neutral she positive positive neutral her neutral these years and neutral neutral to negative to her . neutral positive to neutral neutral / her neutral them neutral neutral positive multistop ) neutral neutral neutral negative scared if neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi subreddit for positive neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral , neutral
thi subreddit positive intensifier icky positive neutral neutral negator that neutral y'all neutral hnegative my negative . neutral colby
my positive neutral her looks should neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral comments neutral they f\*ck / neutral her neutral intensifier negative . neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive complimented how hpositive she looks . negator neutral her anorexic neutral neutral neutral hnegative . positive neutral that neutral ? im hpositive negative .
*bob has neutral the chat*
neutral neutral for the negative
neutral neutral neutral the roscoe 's neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral of neutral and diminisher neutral
lmaooooooo neutral can'ttttt
r/unexpectedlyholesome

idk neutral positive positive hpositive fanfic neutral thi neutral neutral of messages intensifier
lol you positive neutral neutral ! ( emote|free_emotes_pack|sweat_smile )
lol you neutral negative if you neutral neutral neutral neutral with what you neutral of my hpositive looks
your “ positive ” neutral her looks positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral she “ gained neutral ” becaus she hpositive looked “ soo neutral . ” “ anetra looks neutral ” positive neutral positive . “ i'm neutral anetra gained neutral ” positive negator . neutral positive your neutral neutral for the neutral .
the neutral that you neutral neutral explained means you positive negator positive neutral
negator the neutral positive
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral groups neutral the neutral . if she has the neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral negative , lol .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the that positive neutral banned

neutral , intensifier of hpositive neutral positive would positive to hpositive . if im neutral hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive . positive where im hnegative . neutral negator neutral if you negator positive
neutral neutral neutral , hpositive
neutral lol
neutral neutral negator hnegative what neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral : your positive neutral neutral neutral how your neutral makes neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral and my positive positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral our neutral that commenting neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral negative / hnegative / hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral when thi neutral of hnegative the neutral neutral neutral weights / appearances positive neutral intensifier hnegative ( neutral 's neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral ect multistop ) neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral positive that neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral that . neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral negative that neutral you neutral neutral neutral / your neutral friends neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations thi hpositive . everyon positive negative neutral and neutral and neutral we neutral neutral diminisher hpositive from others to neutral that positive neutral .
hey , positive for your neutral . negator hpositive neutral the hnegative neutral could negator neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive multistop neutral , neutral neutral neutral to terms with how comments neutral neutral hnegative neutral when positive neutral and neutral . neutral neutral negator positive these comments neutral positive to what neutral positive neutral hnegative positive if neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive . if anyth , the neutral positive positive neutral , hpositive hpositive neutral positive negator intensifier hnegative neutral neutral lol . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral positive negative neutral negative . neutral neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral . antm neutral positive hnegative , although neutral neutral diminisher hpositive overlaps with mistress' neutral and tv if im positive negative . neutral you for your explanations neutral , neutral it️
intensifier positive hpositive neutral hpositive positive , neutral lolol
neutral neutral , we neutral positive that part… what neutral the neutral neutral neutral banned neutral twitter/instagram neutral to neutral with anyth ? neutral positive intensifier positive and neutral of negator lol
neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral how neutral weaponized her negator of neutral neutral the neutral . positive ️ .
slaplina esdaddy
neutral hpositive the neutral positive neutral positive neutral the gloves . positive the neutral that vulcano negative neutral dr espana
she hpositive positive that neutral neutral
neutral neutral for thi lewk
thi neutral positive neutral neutral with her neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
intensifier of hpositive neutral shit neutral her neutral neutral positive the neutral designers neutral neutral the hnegative girls' costumes and outfits that diminisher of y'all hpositive
her looks positive hnegative lmao my neutral . hnegative hpositive and negative .
neutral neutral negator negative that neutral neutral ? positive , neutral and sasha positive the neutral queens neutral positive looks hpositive of neutral neutral neutral . you could neutral the neutral neutral gloves positive neutral them and they neutral looked hpositive .
periodt
yassss
that positive the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral positive , she has the resources and materials neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral
neutral neutral thi neutral positive negator neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral the positive of the neutral ( neutral neutral for sasha's ) .
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral 's neutral neutral . neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral years neutral neutral *tasteful . *
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that she neutral hpositive herself and neutral negator neutral if her runways positive negator neutral and that diminisher neutral neutral positive them intensifier intensifier of hpositive her neutral neutral positive my hnegative neutral neutral
that neutral , they positive the neutral neutral for neutral that neutral .
intensifier ? neutral looks positive neutral neutral that positive arranged into neutral neutral to neutral
neutral of the neutral !
we hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive negative of the neutral for others !
neutral neutral neutral negative ( hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral ) . she positive positive and neutral neutral !
that positive positive intensifier negative , neutral neutral where neutral neutral
neutral paid neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral the positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier negative and neutral
! ( giphy|ozfflhaispsphfxjqu|downsized ) negative chaney : neutral neutral
tammi negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral when neutral neutral her neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral negative neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tammi ) and neutral hnegative neutral would neutral negative neutral . her neutral neutral neutral the positive ru neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hands positive .
neutral neutral to her neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier for neutral neutral and neutral . she neutral positive , and her prices neutral intensifier neutral !
neutral neutral negative neutral dragcon where neutral neutral negator neutral negative to neutral her neutral neutral neutral sooo neutral neutral . you neutral neutral she loves her fans and hpositive wants to neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral . neutral hpositive neutral our ms . chaney ️ p.s. neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral her thi neutral neutral dragcon !
neutral hpositive negative . neutral dragcon , neutral neutral her that when she neutral , neutral neutral intensifier hpositive and proud , neutral if neutral positive her hnegative neutral . negator negative neutral neutral , she neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral kingdolls neutral and she positive intensifier neutral neutral and neutral her peers . neutral could negator neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral with her , intensifier neutral negative to her co-stars neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral walked neutral neutral stan of neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral obsessed with neutral her .
mistress' neutral lol
neutral hpositive her
neutral rva neutral ! neutral neutral dozens of neutral !
she positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and she positive negative . if anyon positive positive neutral would intensifier negative .
hnegative neutral events positive the positive ! they neutral the neutral positive queens and dragula monsters neutral tours to neutral negative of cities and neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral them . neutral neutral positive to tons of their events neutral neutral kansas neutral and neutral queens positive neutral lynn hytes , neutral the neutral , neutral , neutral methyd , pangina , and intensifier . anetra positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative weeks !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that hnegative neutral positive !
neutral hpositive dollars
that positive negative neutral the neutral ru girls neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive negative . she seems positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral
we hpositive neutral neutral neutral dure neutral neutral of neutral negative .
hpositive her . hpositive negative neutral neutral and intensifier hpositive thi neutral positive the neutral neutral that neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral negative cheney neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral her neutral negative neutral
if you hpositive negative she positive neutral you neutral handjob

neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral says intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral with neutral nuggets ?
neutral !
she positive neutral negative to neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive thi to neutral positive of queens neutral charged for the neutral and neutral
sasha colby positive neutral her for positive hnegative neutral montreal neutral positive neutral stealllllllll positive .
neutral wanted to neutral the neutral and neutral for trixi / katya when they positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive per neutral . could negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to them lol .
that positive negative . neutral neutral neutral and neutral tickets for jinkx 's neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than my neutral neutral .
positive , she positive neutral herself neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher .
the girls neutral bargaining .
how neutral we negator stan ? the neutral of neutral of the positive seasons of neutral positive , neutral chooses to neutral fans with neutral and negator neutral them hnegative .
neutral neutral to neutral and the neutral neutral my bday
neutral negative negator neutral positive neutral the neutral of the queens .
neutral of the neutral multiexclamation
what neutral hpositive ! defs neutral neutral for that neutral !
if she positive neutral her pennywise neutral , intensifier neutral neutral
pangina neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative hpositive . thi positive neutral hpositive !
we neutral neutral to that neutral negative ! we neutral the neutral and could negator positive negator , intensifier to our neutral !
neutral pricing .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral ph neutral positive kekw
neutral neutral neutral to positive that , neutral you .
positive of negative neutral neutral pangina ( with neutral from dosa neutral , neutral neutral negative , and mutha tucka ) for neutral glasgow and neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that .
you positive hnegative that tammi negative would neutral you positive negative neutral ? neutral , you positive neutral positive positive intensifier positive lmao
she neutral intensifier neutral & neutral to neutral when neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral negative negative weirdo ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tranimals photoshoot & neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to her neutral neutral . she neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral intensifier positive neutral the neutral of neutral tagging neutral neutral hnegative neutral her neutral . neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative & positive hnegative neutral spasms that neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral positive neutral positive copd positive neutral , positive damaged my neutral & lungs & neutral negator positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . my neutral neutral neutral negative & neutral caused neutral 's neutral . neutral she neutral negator freaked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
> hnegative neutral would neutral negative neutral neutral would negator that hpositive hpositive the neutral of neutral hpositive you intensifier ? ! neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral negative to neutral tammi neutral positive neutral fuck positive it'd neutral negative
neutral neutral intensifier positive thi . neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive intensifier info
she charged when neutral positive she neutral euerka lmaoo
neutral , sasha 's neutral neutral . negative deserves hpositive .
‘twas neutral neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral / mib.still neutral hpositive neutral !
becaus neutral positive spelled chaney
the neutral neutral positive neutral if you neutral to dollars intensifier ) you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral
negator if yer neutral vegan !
you neutral positive hpositive for neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of rpdruk ?
what neutral of negative positive thi , what theatre / neutral / neutral neutral neutral you neutral to neutral neutral positive negative with the neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? entitled neutral negative , negative positive neutral neutral negative when they could hpositive neutral neutral with how hpositive diminisher neutral neutral and that neutral positive negator hpositive neutral for you . how negative !
negator . they neutral negative neutral neutral , and negative neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral with icesis couture and she neutral charged neutral neutral , which neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . positive negator that neutral intensifier than neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral neutral .
neutral neutral greets neutral positive neutral hundreds of dollars . for neutral positive neutral positive hpositive ? neutral movies neutral positive these neutral
negator guaranteed , negator . neutral neutral negative you neutral positive if you hpositive the neutral neutral neutral neutral someth ? if intensifier - diminisher neutral , diminisher neutral negator and neutral neutral for the m&g neutral neutral neutral for trixi and that neutral the m&g ( positive neutral neutral neutral positive , she neutral hpositive ) - neutral for hnegative queens neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral has positive positive hpositive neutral jumping / neutral neutral / neutral neutral / neutral neutral neutral the neutral rows neutral of things , and the m&g positive positive " negative neutral neutral ! " - neutral neutral and
negative ! she positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive neutral
that positive negative ! neutral tokyo neutral neutral neutral to pangina , neutral and denali 's neutral and neutral neutral neutral for neutral and neutral neutral .
my friends and neutral neutral awhora , negative , taycw and krystal neutral thi neutral where krystal replaced bimini diminisher neutral neutral . tayce neutral to the neutral dure our neutral neutral we positive stranded with the remaining queens for neutral neutral than expected . a'whora and krystal would negator neutral neutral neutral themselv and neutral neutral from neutral to neutral their neutral conversations . when we neutral neutral they complained intensifier neutral their neutral hurrying them , their neutral neutral neutral and the neutral negator neutral to their neutral . my positive neutral neutral to a'whora “ neutral heard you changed neutral your make-up neutral ! ” to hpositive neutral neutral her positive negative , to which a'whora seemed to negative neutral offence and replied intensifier snarkily that that positive what neutral queens neutral . neutral for tayce , neutral neutral negator judgement to hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive to negative to her . the neutral she neutral from the neutral hpositive neutral our neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral . hnegative negative positive negative to positive , negative to neutral neutral our outfits , our jobs , the neutral intensifier neutral , how negative she neutral to neutral the neutral etc . if she neutral neutral neutral and bored neutral the neutral of them she negator neutral neutral neutral . she neutral negative negative neutral of neutral and neutral positive neutral her neutral and neutral for neutral gigs .
that positive funniest shit neutral neutral heard
ohh makes positive positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral & neutral neutral pangina neutral positive neutral the uk for neutral neutral neutral someth intensifier neutral hnegative that factored neutral to her neutral neutral positive mini neutral that neutral intensifier negative
neutral you for responding ! neutral positive deffo hpositive my neutral to neutral negative diminisher neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to glasgow which positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and the neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive to neutral neutral awhora and tayce . awhora neutral neutral diminisher diminisher intimidating . she positive intensifier hpositive and has negative negative neutral ! neutral neutral she neutral neutral hnegative , intensifier neutral positive positive to neutral neutral positive , which neutral neutral negator . lol . tayce positive positive hnegative hpositive . neutral positive she neutral intensifier positive and positive , intensifier hpositive , and intensifier neutral neutral of her neutral to neutral fans neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral negative neutral negative what neutral neutral positive becaus of neutral positive
neutral gotta neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral spoilers . hnegative neutral my neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to negative neutral the neutral neutral dure the neutral neutral era…

neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral to neutral services neutral positive ? neutral anyon hpositive what neutral ? hpositive neutral says neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive lol
they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of hnegative and neutral neutral to the “ neutral neutral ”

neutral to neutral positive
gotta hpositive neutral for neutral , neutral and negative having negator arcs becaus of mtv 's negative
the neutral minutes neutral to neutral positive neutral of neutral , neutral , negative and jax . neutral neutral negative if neutral 's hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral her mentioning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to the others neutral neutral neutral the to neutral . iren positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative ( neutral neutral positive neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral positive than neutral ) . and neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral .
yoww what . intensifier neutral neutral intensifier negative for thi to neutral neutral wow+ neutral .
luxx positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative girls
the neutral that neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to how neutral the girls positive thi neutral .
and if you neutral neutral neutral positive , you positive neutral to neutral neutral hours of the neutral neutral neutral !
hpositive neutral hours of neutral and loosey neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive what we hpositive
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ireland negative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral bottles of neutral positive for neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral than neutral negative . neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier contestants , they neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to diminisher neutral
neutral we hpositive if they filmed neutral neutral neutral neutral they filmed the neutral ?
neutral for everyon neutral , neutral neutral negator for neutral neutral neutral girls neutral neutral negator neutral the hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral until neutral .
they neutral " neutral , we intensifier hnegative the neutral homosexuals thi neutral multistop neutral 's neutral them the neutral of hours of neutral ! " and thankyou , we hpositive thi
intensifier neutral anyon neutral neutral them purchased thru youtube ? what neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
what for uk neutral neutral ? neutral neutral we neutral to neutral until neutral

positive neutral - positive neutral est .
when positive neutral neutral neutral negative for uk viewers ?
neutral ?
neutral intensifier positive thi negator neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral where they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? the neutral they neutral neutral negator neutral neutral clues neutral “ positive peaks . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations the producers neutral negator neutral neutral negative bits neutral neutral negator neutral my hopes neutral with thi neutral anymore .
should negator you neutral to neutral the positive neutral you neutral neutral neutral ?
thi positive my neutral neutral neutral . how neutral neutral positive the neutral taped neutral the neutral ?
positive for the negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral shows neutral neutral neutral ( although neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral until neutral neutral ! ) . neutral neutral positive neutral until neutral neutral .
neutral craves neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral we positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral multiquestion neutral positive what positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive hnegative becaus neutral neutral negator negative to waaaiiit
where neutral y'all neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral
ma'am we wanted the neutral , the neutral hpositive and negator neutral the neutral , intensifier mtv positive neutral neutral hpositive and cakes
neutral heard that luxx and loosey neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive
hpositive neutral neutral months of hnegative and neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral .
hnegative neutral
neutral positive that neutral
intensifier neutral we neutral to neutral neutral negative for outta neutral neutral positive fans ?
neutral neutral sahm neutral neutral negative what neutral neutral positive for the neutral neutral
neutral intensifier hpositive started my positive neutral thi neutral neutral weeks of neutral negative , thi slapped neutral hnegative than ru slapped asia
neutral negative weeks neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral until neutral neutral thi subreddit becaus neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral positive . hpositive positive negative neutral neutral , neutral my fingers .
omg thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral fridays
neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive what neutral neutral positive becaus of neutral positive
saaaame ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive positive neutral of the neutral things hpositive neutral hpositive lol

neutral , neutral , neutral using neutral positive to neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral omg
intensifier
omg intensifier neutral negative
that positive the positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral until neutral , neutral with the neutral spoilers neutral positive popping neutral positive , neutral should neutral hpositive neutral my neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral reunion️️️️ negator the neutral
neutral , neutral negator neutral until neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral to the neutral and hpositive neutral my neutral neutral haha
if you negative to neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the positive that says neutral neutral and neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . you negator positive neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral that when neutral neutral negative to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive and that neutral my negative neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive !
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to that neutral . neutral positive positive anyth that could positive hnegative positive to neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral neutral positive neutral neutral xyz ) positive they positive negator neutral with neutral .
the neutral minutes neutral to neutral neutral iren
positive that what happened ? neutral to my friends neutral neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral and she purchases from amazon… . we positive negative neutral neutral to hpositive neutral and neutral neutral neutral from diminisher neutral website that neutral negative her neutral neutral
neutral multiexclamation im from germany ugh
neutral hpositive neutral
neutral
neutral purchased neutral positive , neutral they neutral positive episodes neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral negator positive neutral positive thi hnegative haha negative positive neutral playing neutral lmao
positive neutral - positive neutral estitties
bruh . neutral positive positive edt for diminisher neutral neutral . neutral starts neutral positive neutral edt
neutral neutral we hnegative neutral neutral diminisher " positive " neutral from neutral that neutral neutral neutral the earlier episodes , neutral of positive how the earlier seasons positive these " countdown to the neutral " episodes with neutral neutral .
becaus we neutral #blessed
neutral neutral negative neutral positive hpositive positive neutral neutral 's neutral and negator the non-reunion we positive for
what neutral you negative neutral ? neutral positive to hours , neutral neutral the mtv neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of messages mentioned that thi neutral neutral neutral taped neutral the neutral , which diminisher sucks . the negative finalists that neutral negator hpositive the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the positive neutral performances .
neutral neutral diminisher lowkey scared bc im into positive months of hnegative neutral thi neutral
neutral
thi should negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
hpositive neutral hpositive lol

neutral lol
neutral ! neutral neutral the neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral dr !
congrats neutral the positive neutral
aaah multiexclamation hpositive neutral
hpositive neutral !
yesssss multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive lala 's neutral neutral ( ? ) neutral ( ? ) thingi .
negative , how neutral you neutral hpositive the queens neutral their phones into lakes for the neutral ! ? hnegative neutral !
neutral my neutral hnegative , and throwwww neutral neutral the laaaake and neutral positive neutral multistop to steps neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop )
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral spoilers
neutral negative that neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of negative neutral the app neutral until the neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral you hpositive the neutral for positive
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral . neutral positive positive youtube takes neutral diminisher and positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral you . neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral positive downvoted .
negator for neutral .
ooh positive hpositive
neutral the negative neutral they neutral neutral neutral hours earlier than positive
neutral , im neutral neutral neutral years . you positive neutral thru thi neutral
ppl intensifier neutral thi neutral multistop positive neutral neutral neutral *prediction* neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive " don't neutral spoilers " when they neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative and neutral positive negator positive lmao .
neutral
positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . although neutral neutral neutral negator until neutral neutral for diminisher neutral
neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral . you neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral thi subreddit has neutral neutral hpositive neutral of weeding neutral neutral spoilers neutral neutral positive to neutral participating neutral intensifier neutral the neutral threads . the neutral neutral neutral neutral when positive to neutral neutral neutral showed the neutral she neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral heard she neutral neutral ” . positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral that ; and / neutral what neutral neutral they neutral they positive neutral . intensifier negative .
neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral hpositive judging from the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral imo . if you neutral negative for neutral neutral neutral and yvie neutral to and they neutral to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and neutral hnegative neutral spoilers neutral would neutral neutral diminisher neutral . positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral hpositive thi neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral hnegative negative neutral pissed neutral the neutral that hnegative their planned neutral to neutral neutral neutral lol
positive neutral est positive neutral -
“ neutral heard ” positive negative , neutral neutral . spoilers neutral intensifier hnegative “ she positive negative neutral neutral ” , you negator intensifier neutral positive if neutral neutral hpositive speculating
neutral neutral they would've liked negative neutral / asia neutral to for neutral symone / gottmik for and neutral / angeria for tbh . neutral , negative neutral positive the neutral of pissed neutral what happened neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral moments of the neutral neutral happened , and they neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc , intensifier neutral they positive neutral .
the neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral to hours neutral . negator neutral to hours .
neutral neutral with asia and neutral neutral gottmik although hoping for her negative neutral lipsync to neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral angeria neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral she hpositive positive into the neutral . for neutral neutral lc neutral neutral diminisher intensifier negative than the others neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral cared neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral they positive loved neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive they wanted neutral to neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral the positive neutral .
neutral my hnegative
my neutral positive that they positive the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral that they neutral okay negator having the queens they negative neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to hours lol
neutral dunno neutral positive positive that would neutral diminisher hnegative and shitty for the eliminated neutral . they neutral neutral the looks that they neutral negator neutral to negative neutral the neutral neutral their socials and neutral neutral that neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral hnegative negative positive , what happens when negative eliminated neutral walks neutral neutral competing neutral and her neutral positive hpositive hpositive like… that would neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral .
neutral the neutral bc neutral makes positive idk neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral and confusing if neutral the queens neutral neutral neutral
thi brings to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral : neutral the eliminated queens intensifier neutral to remained neutral into their hotels neutral neutral for the neutral of filming , neutral neutral they positive allowed to neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral someth that makes neutral neutral positive they positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral would neutral diminisher negative to neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . if mtv wanted neutral positive “ neutral neutral , ” neutral would neutral positive if they positive neutral spin-off neutral where neutral the eliminated queens neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for the neutral of filming . neutral would neutral positive to neutral their neutral to which neutral joins them neutral neutral , and neutral would neutral neutral neutral for neutral the queens to neutral neutral tv neutral diminisher neutral for the neutral neutral . they could neutral neutral porkchop neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral where the eliminated queens neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral 's hnegative ( neutral the neutral neutral , neutral revamped ) where the neutral of eliminated queens neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral from neutral . intensifier for neutral , thi neutral neutral , the eliminated queens neutral neutral neutral neutral that shows neutral neutral neutral . the remaining queens neutral neutral neutral neutral . and positive the eliminated neutral neutral neutral neutral ( intensifier negator of the “ im neutral you neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral ” negative . neutral those intensifier neutral runways we positive neutral diminisher episodes positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral off-stage positive they neutral neutral the positive neutral . and neutral positive the neutral neutral , neutral ru eliminates neutral neutral , the neutral gets to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral for negative hnegative lipsync , neutral hpositive to neutral neutral frontrunner from neutral neutral if they positive positive neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral we could neutral neutral with eliminated queens neutral the neutral . negative , neutral makes negator positive neutral of the neutral .
negator
negator , they paid neutral neutral of neutral for those outfits and should neutral to neutral them where they negative if they neutral positive eliminated from the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral would neutral negative if they negative thier neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral where we would neutral to neutral neutral of the eliminated queens looks and neutral rupaul could hpositive neutral the looks and neutral neutral neutral prizes
intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral thi : eliminated contestants neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , end-of-the-fashion-show neutral . negator neutral , negator confessionals , negator positive neutral , hpositive " neutral 's the neutral " . thi allows them to neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive the neutral " neutral " for the neutral contestants . ( neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral , neutral moments , etc . ) eliminated contestants positive neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral for the positive neutral , and neutral to neutral . positive , negative , neutral , positive their fingers , neutral their eyes , etc . thi means that the neutral neutral gets neutral diminisher neutral : she gets neutral neutral neutral , and she gets neutral intensifier of neutral reacting to neutral . iren dubois would neutral *great* neutral neutral , negator ? neutral vanjie neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for her sisters and honking when they neutral negative shit ?
neutral could neutral negative to neutral their runways neutral neutral neutral of hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral . to hpositive neutral positive they positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral neutral 's remaining looks the neutral neutral their neutral . neutral would neutral neutral for the queens to neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral that multistop hnegative multistop neutral could neutral the neutral neutral diminisher girls multistop neutral cunty neutral multistop neutral neutral the positive multistop
neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral would neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral with intensifier neutral costumes , for intensifier diminisher screentime . españa neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral the neutral , neutral the queens neutral neutral neutral that they neutral negator neutral to neutral , positive they intensifier neutral the neutral neutral , neutral intensifier wanted to and positive the queens positive for their favourite and they positive someth .
neutral hpositive how neutral neutral neutral - - - neutral the eliminated queens neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive they positive neutral with negative casts & the neutral neutral stars neutral for the neutral seasons
positive hpositive .
positive negator neutral neutral neutral of antm that neutral that ? the eliminated contestants neutral walked the runways and whoever neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hallucinating ?
neutral would hpositive neutral . when neutral neutral of the neutral and neutral the queens positive , neutral positive hnegative that they neutral negator neutral to neutral their looks .
neutral positive hpositive neutral . neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral of hnegative
neutral neutral neutral wanted neutral neutral to the neutral where the eliminated girls neutral positive the looks neutral neutral neutral we neutral hpositive neutral neutral them neutral youtube
they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral eliminated , neutral neutral neutral exceptions . ( neutral positive that for vs . the neutral seasons , they neutral allowed neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , becaus these seasons neutral neutral and they neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral and , positive , they neutral negator neutral to neutral pangina neutral to thailand neutral to neutral her neutral to europe neutral neutral neutral . )
porkchop neutral multiexclamation you should trademark thi neutral negative / mtv steals your positive .
they positive neutral neutral . naysha lopez neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and positive hpositive positive neutral when they called her neutral to neutral her neutral .
neutral would neutral that .
neutral positive they neutral neutral they neutral eliminated neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral groups . positive neutral neutral the girls neutral neutral eliminated neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative
positive , neutral ponderosa-like neutral would neutral negative .
positive the neutral neutral from positive neutral
that would neutral neutral negative neutral for negative neutral stars neutral .
intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive . neutral positive thi positive neutral , “ the neutral of votes ” for neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive they positive to neutral the neutral neutral sinc spoilers could hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral when and neutral positive " neutral neutral neutral iren positive neutral online multistop that neutral negator neutral neutral multistop "
positive neutral positive hpositive if neutral pitched neutral to them
that positive positive what the spoilerinas neutral , and neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral has neutral neutral . ( positive , hnegative neutral the neutral neutral who'd neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral weeks multistop )

becaus ru neutral negative chaney , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ‍️
neutral neutral negative positive the neutral that neutral intensifier positive for what the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive bimini neutral negative positive has neutral positive negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral that into positive when picking the neutral

becaus of thi neutral
negative has neutral neutral intensifier sinc the neutral neutral she positive the neutral . ru neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral how neutral negative neutral dure filming .
positive , dure the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative bimini neutral neutral neutral . neutral liked negative neutral loved bimini . hnegative , neutral the years neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral intensifier and neutral her neutral intensifier . she neutral held her neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral for months neutral others positive diminisher opportunities to positive and neutral diminisher gigs neutral . ~~plus idk someth changed with bimini and neutral neutral negator hpositive her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral did~~ . neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral that negative neutral , and negator neutral for her to neutral neutral winners
neutral . neutral .
becaus of neutral neutral . you hpositive , positive the neutral neutral neutral .
becaus negative neutral the positive neutral neutral negative
neutral she positive negator her
my positive positive that ru neutral bimini neutral negator neutral committed to neutral . bimini positive intensifier hpositive , neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the uk . neutral neutral , becaus the hnegative has negator legs .
thi neutral
negative spilled the hpositive neutral roscoe 's . someth neutral the lines of , she neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral intensifier hnegative that they neutral diminisher of her positive neutral to neutral hnegative queens neutral . neutral diminisher neutral the negative neutral , and neutral neutral that positive when rupaul neutral neutral her positive . and positive the neutral happened .
bimini neutral negator gonna positive that neutral negative opens her neutral and rupaul laughs and you hpositive the neutral positive of neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral to positive “ becaus negative neutral , ” neutral neutral neutral that positive positive neutral neutral of neutral hpositive bimini , she would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative hpositive neutral . neutral neutral queens neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral negative , neutral neutral , and neutral neutral . neutral that positive hpositive the neutral the neutral , neutral , , neutral !
she neutral negator positive becaus she neutral negator rupaul 's positive
neutral neutral the pacing of the neutral neutral the positive neutral . neutral until the covid positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral when they neutral neutral bimini neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative neutral appeared that she intensifier eclipsed negative . neutral neutral that positive how neutral neutral neutral . neutral could neutral hnegative .
negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . she hpositive the positive . neutral neutral positive positive negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral positive intensifier bimini neutral hpositive positive neutral negative neutral lol . neutral if things positive predetermined and neutral neutral neutral neutral to ru 's positive luxx would positive thi neutral neutral which ( if you neutral positive spoilers ) positive negator neutral . becaus ru positive obsessed with luxx lol . if you rewatch the neutral negative neutral rupaul positive tf neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and that positive hpositive neutral you neutral to neutral . hpositive ru neutral , neutral neutral diminisher hnegative porn and neutral hnegative looks ! and negative neutral neutral that . positive neutral diminisher riggery ? intensifier . neutral to positive bimini hpositive the neutral neutral negative positive negative . neutral neutral the neutral careers neutral the neutral neutral negative .
she neutral negator ru 's fave . that positive the neutral ( neutral those of hpositive neutral ) everytime neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive negator hpositive for positive negative . neutral neutral red-head neutral neutral positive her fave neutral neutral wanted negative
becaus neutral positive ru 's neutral , negator your ! - neutral neutral , neutral neutral would neutral neutral tayce ( neutral negative and bimini neutral neutral negative ! )
lawrance neutral intensifier positive the mainstream positive of neutral . neutral positive queens neutral uk neutral intensifier neutral neutral than the neutral girls . bimini neutral negative negative / diminisher " hnegative " ( neutral neutral hpositive neutral ) / neutral neutral .
ngl , neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive they positive positive neutral laurenc for the positive and neutral neutral negator intensifier negative what happened . neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral positive they positive alot of neutral to neutral neutral non-english neutral neutral and with everyth neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral uk neutral neutral they preplanned neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they negative ellie intensifier neutral praises and passes , they wanted neutral of them to positive . neutral neutral that , laurenc neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral bimini should've neutral .
" negator neutral , neutral multistop "
negator these neutral neutral comments
neutral thi hnegative neutral neutral negative positive negative and neutral hpositive her . neutral - neutral negator neutral hpositive that for crowning neutral neutral neutral negative and bimini neutral becaus they positive filmed positive and their frontrunner ( neutral ) neutral self-eliminated - they could negator neutral bimini and krystal versace neutral neutral neutral queens neutral to neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral bimini ( neutral neutral ) and neutral ( positive neutral / afab ) neutral becaus neutral hnegative herself they neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral to negative ( positive neutral ) and krystal would neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator to positive negative negator hpositive the neutral - they neutral neutral for - neutral neutral negator to hnegative thi positive negative intensifier neutral tv neutral
becaus negative hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral ru 's neutral
negative would've neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator for the neutral , bimini neutral hpositive they positive neutral . neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral bimini positive multistop neutral neutral , wherea we neutral sooo neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral negative my neutral neutral ? negator she neutral negator , neutral negator neutral bimini tbf neutral neutral neutral
gifs you neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral started and negative her negative judging neutral neutral .
positive thi
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral . ( neutral 's hnegative — neutral negator negative )
whose neutral positive neutral neutral ?
neutral you the neutral neutral positive rupaul the neutral ?
neutral everyon neutral replies draggin neutral , hpositive positive neutral hnegative positive negative and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator
neutral neutral negative with the challenges if neutral positive positive predetermined ?
arent we neutral judges intensifier ?
what neutral hnegative neutral lol
you neutral neutral if negative neutral hnegative . hnegative , bimini neutral neutral neutral neutral the post-lockdown episodes , neutral negative neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral would neutral hpositive her wins .
neutral neutral neutral your neutral that thi crowning neutral predetermined ? positive !
to hpositive neutral hnegative neutral ?
neutral positive neutral tv neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , you negator positive that
neutral neutral positive neutral tv neutral multiquestion neutral these girlies should hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral lol .
neutral we positive neutral judged you
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi negative negative tf
negative neutral neutral the hnegative neutral the rusical neutral . she would neutral neutral the lipsynch and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral .
neutral has negator positive intensifier hpositive that ru has neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral than thi neutral .
womp womp
neutral you positive neutral neutral uk neutral ? thi positive negator positive . the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ru wanted to positive . that positive neutral .
makes the neutral neutral neutral diminisher hnegative neutral neutral positive , negator ?
neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral ‍️
neutral positive neutral tv neutral , negator neutral padg . and neutral padges neutral pulled . hpositive positive the neutral . neutral hpositive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of someth that positive neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral makes neutral intensifier hpositive for neutral to neutral the neutral and neutral positive with neutral and negator neutral neutral neutral someth that positive neutral to neutral the negative positive neutral neutral . that would neutral positive to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you should neutral neutral ! ? ! ?
positive the neutral neutral positive seasons ? neutral neutral r/dragraceeurope , our positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral subs for neutral neutral neutral with intensifier neutral positive variations neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral for discussing neutral the neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive , if you positive . neutral neutral , you neutral with neutral questions , concerns , neutral suggestions *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi subreddit ] ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/rupaulsdragrace ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
hpositive her . neutral positive liked her neutral neutral neutral intensifier , neutral couenne hpositive to positive the neutral . positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral vstw neutral negative neutral stars neutral . susan negative , neutral she buys diminisher wigs .
sasha has neutral hpositive negative .
neutral looove sasha and neutral neutral hoping she wins . neutral positive positive neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral them . she , for neutral , neutral hpositive neutral and neutral the strongest neutral thi neutral and she positive positive intensifier neutral superstar moments neutral and she neutral has the strongest neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative with neutral neutral neutral neutral ends neutral neutral lol . neutral , positive , the neutral positive negator neutral the neutral that she , and the neutral of them for that negative , positive negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral has intensifier neutral the neutral that she positive that neutral that we neutral she neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral for sasha negator to positive and neutral neutral neutral stars multistop anetra positive negative and intensifier neutral multistop she neutral neutral neutral neutral stars and neutral neutral multistop negative with her positive would neutral neutral neutral negative neutral stars
neutral neutral too…rupaul neutral positive .
of neutral , they neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive positive liveeeee if neutral positive her
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative
negator neutral neutral neutral tv neutral multistop and neutral neutral anetra positive negative multistop neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral how neutral tv neutral multistop neutral you neutral her neutral negative neutral winners neutral ? neutral would she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the personalityd
how you positive neutral faces neutral you positive neutral chins followed neutral the her neutral her neutral hpositive neutral neutral the fuck neutral .
you hpositive neutral 's positive neutral to neutral yolanda saldivar with “ neutral neutral ”
" neutral thi hnegative intensifier hnegative that chevelle gonna positive neutral " neutral 's neutral for everybodi
neutral neutral neutral positive “ you hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral ” referencing hpositive and the neutral ( neutral neutral gotta neutral negative neutral neutral for selener ) - neutral you for neutral thi !
obsessed with you including the bomo neutral !
neutral you for neutral the lawd 's neutral , henni .
positive neutral should hpositive positive negative neutral neutral of neutral tracks . you neutral thi neutral ? neutral positive neutral your neutral
neutral hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral when you transcribed the selina neutral neutral neutral neutral
y'all the neutral diminisher neutral neutral laduca positive neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral 's neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive than neutral 's neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral negative parts where neutral negator hpositive what the lyrics positive , neutral with negative \ . if neutral could hpositive neutral neutral with that , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative hnegative neutral might've missed , lmk and neutral positive neutral to hnegative neutral . neutral neutral for neutral neutral , thi positive my neutral neutral neutral anyth neutral multiexclamation
positive for neutral that . neutral hpositive positive neutral with the captions .
the negative points neutral negative neutral
neutral positive messed neutral and neutral salazar ( slytherin ) neutral of saldivar ( yolanda ) .
neutral you !
neutral positive neutral neutral my negative
prolonged neutral
neutral screamed
and preceded neutral seasons hpositive neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral diminisher lines neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral numbers
neutral neutral neutral strays neutral of negator !
we neutral thi neutral asap
neutral neutral would negator neutral positive neutral negator neutral , neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral neutral positive seconds into mibs and positive positive to nope neutral neutral of neutral .
could negator neutral jose , could negator neutral juan
neutral neutral neutral heard “ neutral hnegative with neutral positive neutral neutral ”
negator intensifier 's multiexclamation neutral neutral for neutral hpositive multiexclamation
hnegative , you hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral for neutral !
neutral positive hpositive
intensifier neutral neutral . my neutral and neutral listened to the neutral neutral becaus we wanted to hpositive what neutral neutral responding to . neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral her lyrics , neutral hpositive neutral intensifier underwhelming and we hpositive positive neutral for neutral to neutral . neutral with neutral 's we positive positive and neutral . hpositive and positive .
becaus neutral positive what ?
omg neutral neutral positive negative : heroes vs . villains where they neutral neutral neutral teams and neutral to positive neutral of their neutral neutral for the neutral diminisher episodes , positive they neutral and neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive
gia gunn neutral villan multistop hpositive gia , she positive the neutral multistop neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral chapstick and neutral ponytail
daya betti , neutral neutral ohara , tyra sanchez , neutral ( neutral neutral negator rlly positive them neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive they positive neutral the neutral ) , kandy neutral , tamisha iman neutral positive positive intensifier negative that neutral neutral positive lol
neutral positive would neutral to neutral neutral cucu , latrice and valentina becaus she positive neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral neutral villians , positive neutral neutral picking neutral neutral ohara , roxxxy andrews , and positive neutral ohara for my neutral picks .
thi neutral subreddit should neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral yall hpositive to neutral neutral to the queens neutral the negative ones
neutral neutral neutral neutral
bosco and daya def for negative
neutral parvati neutral neutral negative
negative betti !
neutral dunno if tamisha counts becaus she neutral negator presented neutral neutral negative neutral dure her hnegative neutral neutral the neutral .
haha neutral how neutral you neutral to neutral roxxxy and ra'jah to neutral to their neutral personas ?
neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ?
neutral neutral positive my positive neutral lol…y'all neutral to neutral jks
bosco ? neutral negative ?
omg positive !
negator neutral neutral neutral she has neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral villains , neutral that neutral neutral picking them neutral they positive neutral their seasons of neutral neutral negative
monets
they negative her negative esque neutral neutral neutral
okay neutral the neutral positive neutral creating neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral villains .
lol neutral
we intensifier positive cheated neutral of thi negative
neutral negative negator intensifier than for thi hnegative to hnegative them neutral with her neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral anyth from her neutral the neutral . positive , neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative for hernegative
neutral negator positive she neutral negative entitled neutral and negator she neutral sheree
**l hpositive estelle**
neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator hpositive for neutral .
neutral womana
neutral negator positive , neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral which neutral positive positive neutral neutral jax to lipgloss neutral charli xcx and cupcakke . the neutral positive positive neutral becaus they neutral negative hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral . if you neutral the positive positive of the neutral , you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral rupaul talked neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive to asia o'hara , neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral her neutral , neutral everyon neutral neutral and neutral her the neutral neutral negative .
you neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral hpositive her merch if you negative to . save-a-queen .
you neutral neutral neutral negative ?
hpositive
! ( giphy|qbyemohxovujbtlffd )
_every neutral of neutral week_
neutral positive positive neutral of them . neutral neutral they neutral neutral intensifier neutral with thi - neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral negator the neutral thi neutral
toots neutral the neutral
anetra neutral my neutral neutral
neutral neutral fart ? becaus neutral smells positive neutral negative of toots neutral neutral !
anetra
sasha colby
luxxx 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral and positive
luxx neutral seems to negative dresses neutral neutral negative negative positive for her .
anetra' neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral they neutral positive the neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral toots !
if neutral negative neutral neutral , she positive neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral positive neutral them neutral neutral neutral . that neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of them and diminisher hpositive neutral positive intensifier
hnegative neutral neutral against the negative neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive multistop mehs neutral the bored . anetra neutral the positive negator neutral positive neutral .
luxx positive neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative when she neutral into the werk neutral
neutral neutral neutral noirs neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral neutral negator glam neutral . thi neutral neutral with neutral of sasha has positive neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral isabel brooks
anetra sasha neutral luxx
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral looks positive neutral lampshade
thi positive negator my positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral she positive negative stronger looks neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier positive luxx 's neutral . she neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral , becaus her outfits hpositive to neutral negator her .
neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral hpositive shades of neutral .
anetra tooted that intensifier neutral
toots for everyon neutral luxx neutral neutral neutral luxx neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral for neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral negator looks neutral neutral neutral her hnegative looks and the neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative the hnegative neutral .
y'all neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sasha looks neutral neutral negative
luxx noir london
toots neutral the neutral !
hpositive the rings neutral sasha 's neutral
anteras neutral neutral positive neutral positive . everyon looks intensifier hpositive
toots ! toots ! toots neutral the neutral !
they neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive positive anetra neutral the neutral neutral with negative neutral lerk .
anetra intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral
sasha and neutral 's looks hpositive neutral neutral for neutral the neutral . hpositive intensifier hpositive and neutral . luxx 's positive hpositive and that neutral ( if you neutral positive with the neutral / neutral ) looks negative , neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral compared to the others . anetra 's looks hpositive and hpositive neutral neutral positive someth neutral her positive and neutral negative neutral negator neutral with neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral anetra neutral that neutral neutral positive gagged neutral . the neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral ? idk , neutral positive positive neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hpositive for anetra and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , intensifier positive !
neutral hpositive anetra 's neutral , neutral the hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral positive where the hnegative ends hnegative .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral from anetra and luxx becaus they neutral hpositive looks and neutral intensifier neutral , positive the negative neutral of that neutral negative neutral mstrss becaus what the fuck ? ! ? ! neutral neutral , neutral inch… neutral positive neutral , and neutral heavily** ( neutral 's neutral neutral positive ) sasha 's hpositive neutral . they neutral positive the prettiest neutral of neutral looks multiexclamation neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with the neutral neutral .
neutral intensifier hpositive everyon neutral mistresses . neutral would neutral loved mistresses neutral neutral the neutral neutral that the neutral positive hpositive neutral her neutral neutral and neutral makes her neutral neutral positive neutral zit that positive neutral to neutral .
anetra positive the positive neutral neutral my hnegative neutral neutral positive my neutral positive neutral . the rhinestoned neutral neutral neutral into the neutral neutral fridge neutral positive intensifier intensifier hpositive
shoots . neutral neutral .
toots neutral neutral with neutral hpositive neutral neutral . that neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral for that neutral neutral anetra has neutral . that positive my positive neutral . neutral toots neutral the neutral .
positive , neutral , positive , positive .
positive ^toot neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral mistresss . she has neutral neutral neutral my hnegative .
neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral goddessly hpositive neutral what sasha negative . neutral the flowers positive neutral . the negative and neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive intensifier neutral . neutral positive hpositive . she looks neutral . neutral hpositive anetra neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral . ( neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral lights . neutral positive reflects neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive positive and neutral looks neutral neutral tv when draped neutral negator neutral positive thi , imo . )
mistress' neutral positive neutral positive
neutral everyon neutral neutral and the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of anetra 's neutral .
positive : anetra and sasha neutral : luxx neutral : neutral ( hnegative , neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral , the prints neutral neutral positive positive someth multistop neutral multistop intensifier and neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive could negator neutral into thi neutral )
neutral , neutral , neutral , meh
neutral for neutral neutral anetra hnegative
neutral positive hpositive
anetra 's neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral she neutral neutral the neutral and that negator happens . the others neutral positive neutral looks neutral neutral diminisher neutral and negator my neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral hpositive neutral everyon positive intensifier “ neutral ” … anetra positive neutral diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive she , neutral and sasha could've neutral hpositive though… negator that they neutral negator neutral hpositive , of neutral they neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive “ omg negative negative thi positive someth we neutral negator neutral neutral ! ”
neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral
hpositive neutral neutral : anetra , neutral neutral : sasha , luxx and neutral stan *hard* for anetra neutral hpositive neutral negator positive thi
neutral hpositive sasha colby and antera ( sp )
hnegative neutral , negative neutral , positive ! , neutral .
positive , neutral , neutral , positive
sasha positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral they neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral of them ! neutral neutral diminisher things neutral neutral neutral that could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral ! sasha and mibs neutral positive my positive neutral of the negative neutral !
neutral for everyon . neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral of sculpted wigs positive anetra 's , neutral neutral hpositive that neutral looks positive neutral neutral . neutral diminisher hpositive she positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral to neutral neutral the positive shoulders . neutral hpositive luxx 's neutral neutral to neutral she negative neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral . neutral expected neutral diminisher intensifier from neutral , neutral she neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator words for sasha , tbh .
positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral ; neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral diminisher nachos
neutral neutral neutral neutral .
they neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral would hpositive sasha 's neutral intensifier neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive , positive , hpositive neutral positive that . neutral hpositive anetra 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher hpositive that neutral positive neutral two-piece . luxx 's positive multistop okay ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher looks positive neutral neutral positive that she neutral that neutral . someth neutral neutral looks neutral diminisher cheaper than neutral should . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral the beads and positive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive where the neutral positive neutral the neutral and negative , negator neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . hnegative , neutral toots neutral negator that intensifier blows neutral neutral .
toots for neutral , neutral anetra & sasha > luxx & neutral
neutral positive someth hnegative with luxx 's neutral neutral neutral neutral looks hpositive
sasha sasha sasha multiexclamation
toots… neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral anyth really…
neutral everyon ! neutral neutral
anetra positive positive the neutral neutral you positive to neutral neutral neutral hours .
neutral neutral negator intensifier positive neutral of them positive to neutral negative peeves , anetras neutral looks positive positive neutral her neutral , luxx 's neutral positive positive shades neutral than her , neutral neutral negator positive neutral hairs neutral the neutral neutral , and my positive negative negative positive when the bottoms of neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than neutral hnegative , neutral neutral intensifier would've screamed if sasha positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative
anetra & sasha
anetra hpositive positive multiexclamation
everyon 's neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral hpositive sasha 's neutral would've neutral the neutral . the neutral neutral luxx 's neutral neutral negative . anetra and neutral positive my neutral positive looks .
neutral hpositive anetra , neutral the non-leotard choices ain't positive hittin for neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of her positive neutral
anetra and sasha neutral toots for neutral , luxx and neutral neutral neutral neutral imo .
neutral . neutral neutral neutral bored of the neutral and thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral my watching-era . neutral anetra hpositive neutral that intensifier neutral to the neutral
neutral toots neutral neutral , and that positive positive neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral
neutral , they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral says someth neutral the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral gonna positive , toots for neutral ! neutral of the neutral hpositive neutral we neutral neutral positive .
lol neutral liked your neutral becaus neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive the queens . neutral meh neutral neutral their outfits compared to neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive positive , neutral neutral neutral luxx 's neutral diminisher than the others , which neutral positive .
thi neutral my fave . the neutral of the neutral with the jewels and the negative neutral hpositive *well neutral mamaaa*
neutral . thi , for anetra , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
my neutral neutral of the neutral .
positive ! intensifier hpositive and the neutral that she neutral neutral herself ? positive points from neutral .
neutral , and the neutral positive hnegative . neutral looked positive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative and hpositive to neutral neutral neutral that neutral .
positive , the neutral intensifier hnegative and hpositive neutral for neutral that neutral ( although the others positive neutral hpositive )
**shoot** . when anetra 's neutral , she positive neutral , and thi neutral neutral neutral her neutral garments of the neutral . neutral positive neutral and negative , neutral positive hpositive neutral , and neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral with the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative .
positive multiexclamation neutral loved everyth neutral neutral !
neutral . negative how the neutral positive neutral hnegative the neutral of the appliqué details . neutral would've looked neutral negator the rhinestones neutral the neutral , from neutral neutral hpositive looks positive neutral
would neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for the neutral multistop neutral positive negative neutral and takes positive from the hpositive and neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral ! )
positive !
neutral neutral .
positive becaus neutral looks negative and she neutral neutral herself
neutral loved neutral
positive ! hands positive my positive of the neutral hpositive the neutral and neutral combo , she positive neutral hnegative positive with neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral intensifier vegas . loved neutral !
positive , positive neutral for hnegative
negative neutral . looks positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hnegative neutral , hpositive negator the positive neutral of the neutral placements and neutral . neutral positive the positive neutral imo
neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral intensifier of neutral into thi neutral neutral looks positive neutral negative diego montoya neutral hnegative . neutral negative that the neutral neutral neutral cuts the neutral neutral 's neutral hnegative .
for neutral , thi positive neutral positive . intensifier positive she neutral thi herself . neutral hpositive thi neutral
neutral neutral neutral hated the jeweled neutral tacked neutral to the neutral of her derrière . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ; that neutral makes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , for neutral the neutral of the neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral of neutral / / neutral positive positive . neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral and styled neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral someth positive hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
positive
neutral intensifier negative the neutral . neutral
neutral negative the neutral the neutral positive neutral of those that looks negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negative . neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier , neutral reminds neutral of neutral gundam neutral the neutral neutral neutral reminds neutral of neutral neutral blankets . my parents neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral decorations that neutral hpositive the neutral .
positive ! intensifier becaus she neutral neutral .
the neutral positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral negative to positive neutral , neutral neutral bothers neutral neutral neutral that the neutral neutral her neutral cuts hnegative neutral the hnegative with the positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral the negative of the neutral . intensifier neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral from neutral .
my neutral neutral
loved the neutral and detailing , hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier pizzazz neutral the neutral neutral neutral realise " neutral looks " neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral intensifier and we neutral the intensifier neutral neutral the hnegative neutral
neutral ! the neutral neutral hpositive , neutral the flowers neutral her neutral intensifier completed the neutral neutral .
the neutral
thi neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to diminisher of her hnegative looks thi neutral to neutral neutral for the neutral " positive " neutral .
if neutral neutral neutral the neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral could neutral improved : the neutral negative negative positive neutral neutral neutral her neutral hnegative , neutral gives the hnegative of her mid-section neutral wider than neutral positive and hpositive her neutral diminisher positive
neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator positive her neutral neutral thi neutral . she neutral from neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral positive , to the neutral of the negative
it's… neutral diminisher neutral for neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral .
negative neutral . her neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator positive neutral neutral the neutral .
positive neutral neutral with that neutral her eyes positive intensifier pulled neutral and she could negator neutral them ?
neutral neutral neutral loves sasha and positive pulling for her to positive multistop neutral neutral negator positive thi . neutral negator intensifier neutral what the positive positive and her makeup neutral negator her strongest . neutral #teamsasha neutral
neutral , neutral the bracelets neutral neutral . neutral , negator her positive neutral . she could neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral and that negative and negative neutral neutral her neutral neutral
hnegative neutral . hpositive sasha , neutral the neutral neutral looked intensifier neutral and the flowers looked intensifier negative to neutral . she positive neutral diminisher neutral looks thi neutral and neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral of her weakest negative
neutral feelings . the neutral positive neutral diminisher negative " oldschool " for my neutral neutral , looks neutral diminisher dated , positive diminisher neutral from to wong foo . neutral positive neutral diminisher negative campy to neutral " eleganza " . neutral positive everyth neutral , neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . she looks hpositive , neutral .
negative neutral
**strong toot** . neutral intensifier hpositive the neutral from the neutral positive neutral negator diminisher intensifier neutral and positive bc the neutral positive intensifier positive , neutral hpositive , intensifier with the details neutral the neutral and cuffs . intensifier hpositive thi neutral of neutral positive .
neutral
neutral ! neutral positive hpositive and intensifier has her neutral positive neutral to neutral . negative !
neutral neutral . intensifier .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator her positive
neutral
neutral positive intensifier hnegative to neutral into neutral . she looks intensifier negative neutral pinks peaches and negative neutral intensifier would neutral loved to neutral her neutral someth brighter . neutral she positive the neutral neutral .
the neutral positive that they positive neutral neutral if she neutral negative neutral lol
neutral negator unse thi neutral thx
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would neutral liked neutral of these gowns to neutral neutral diminisher ( neutral neutral lottle ) diminisher of neutral neutral neutral them . neutral neutral that would neutral negative intensifier neutral sinc they positive neutral neutral / neutral / headpiece-heavy and diminisher neutral pizazz .
the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral hpositive her neutral and makeup matched neutral ? the neutral feelings neutral to neutral
neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral makes neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negator negative neutral itself . neutral neutral positive neutral positive and neutral neutral looks hnegative .
neutral . neutral hpositive the neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral the negative positive neutral . she hasn't neutral neutral neutral instagram positive - - - neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
negative neutral , neutral neutral looked positive neutral neutral cookies
neutral ! the negative neutral negative , and neutral neutral neutral hpositive old-fashioned neutral neutral . hpositive , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
noot ( negative ) . neutral neutral intensifier underwhelmed , neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral means and the negative positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of the neutral neutral spots neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral neutral that benefits intensifier from neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral pizazz neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive . the neutral spots neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop negative .
what neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive how neutral looks she neutral that positive negator neutral neutral for the neutral . she served what she positive brings to the neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth and served , she neutral ️
neutral positive my positive neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral looks hpositive neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral fpr neutral the neutral hpositive negator neutral the hpositive of diminisher dresses . neutral my hnegative neutral hpositive looks positive negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive the neutral negative .
neutral just…i negative the neutral of the neutral , and the neutral the neutral beads neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral for neutral . neutral .
neutral ! neutral looks intensifier dated .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hated neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
- - positive her hnegative looks
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of leapord for neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral for that negative neutral
neutral . the hnegative knows how to negative neutral neutral
**toot** . the negative neutral hpositive , the neutral neutral neutral negative positive breathtaking , and the neutral serves the neutral . neutral would've hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral of the turtleneck and neutral neutral neutral
positive
neutral
neutral . proportions neutral hnegative , neutral neutral positive the positive . diminisher positive of neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral to negator negative neutral
neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with thi .
neutral positive feelings érte positive , positive neutral . neutral neutral positive negator neutral for her .
neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral to neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral the weakest . someth positive neutral with the colours neutral the neutral neutral
neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral , looked neutral neutral .
softest neutral of the negative . neutral neutral hpositive how she neutral her neutral 's neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier distracting and neutral positive the neutral looked neutral ? negative to positive , neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral for the neutral , neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral how thi shows her neutral of neutral neutral neutral . she positive negative negative neutral neutral and thi neutral negator neutral to that neutral and neutral neutral pov that she presented neutral neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral that neutral neutral distracting
intensifier neutral and her wigline positive neutral negative . neutral .
positive the weakest . neutral luxx positive negative , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral her , and her neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive you could neutral neutral from neutral neutral . neutral .
neutral
negative neutral . thi neutral needed neutral
neutral ! neutral hpositive the neutral to haute couture shows neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the closing neutral .
thi positive negative effing neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral she neutral negator intensifier neutral herself to the neutral hnegative ? ! if she positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral could've positive neutral of the positive looks of the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral she negative the neutral thi neutral . the neutral positive hpositive , neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive neutral issues thi neutral .
negative neutral ! positive negator my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
toooot ! neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi , neutral intensifier positive neutral
thi neutral positive my positive intensifier neutral neutral surprised that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral : neutral neutral positive she looked the neutral hpositive and the neutral neutral the neutral hpositive imo .
neutral and neutral positive that neutral couture neutral neutral ends with neutral neutral positive hpositive the neutral negative of the neutral to neutral neutral becaus we neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral she looks intensifier intensifier hpositive and that negative positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
**strong toot** . thi positive negative , y'all hpositive neutral negator positive luxx and neutral shows . she positive neutral hnegative her haute couture neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral her neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive she positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral detailing to neutral that neutral neutral of neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hnegative . neutral , hpositive neutral and walked positive .
negative neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral , the neutral neutral the neutral positive negative neutral for her neutral and neutral positive distracting . the neutral positive neutral and neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive she neutral with diminisher positive neutral negative neutral intensifier neutral .
hpositive the neutral neutral her legs neutral neutral to neutral
intensifier prom
neutral . the neutral seemed hpositive and she positive negative intensifier hpositive looks imho .
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral looks positive neutral photoshopped the neutral neutral her
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of anetra neutral neutral neutral neutral with everyth you neutral neutral , intensifier neutral these neutral looks . sasha 's and neutral 's positive neutral negative negative .
positive , that positive my hnegative with neutral neutral neutral . ( that , and the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral neutral of neutral . ) neutral would neutral intensifier hpositive , neutral positive that neutral . negative
positive thi what negator neutral neutral neutral positive ? ( hpositive kidding ! neutral neutral your ^wrong hnegative )
thi neutral positive neutral neutral
she looked intensifier neutral , and thi hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , she looked intensifier neutral neutral that neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral luxx neutral negative neutral " neutral " hnegative .
the neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral .
luxx intensifier neutral negator neutral ~drag~ for neutral , yknow ? she looked neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral
looked negative neutral neutral for neutral and neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of negative . the negative positive neutral and she looks hpositive . neutral neutral if she positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive intensifier hpositive . someth to neutral the layers hnegative intensifier . positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier applications to neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral of shea coule , neutral hnegative neutral negative multistop
neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral
neutral , the neutral of her shimmying neutral of the neutral neutral hnegative ? positive , neutral positive . neutral .
my positive neutral multiexclamation intensifier neutral hpositive with thi neutral to hawaii .
neutral happens neutral neutral where " positive neutral " looks neutral neutral neutral hnegative becaus they neutral to neutral outfits neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral they neutral to the neutral of the neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral . if thi intensifier positive negator her positive neutral positive neutral positive becaus she positive to negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral hpositive positive neutral thi neutral hpositive neutral hnegative becaus neutral would negator neutral her negative what she wanted . neutral neutral neutral with you that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
that positive what neutral positive , the negative neutral of the neutral positive intensifier blahhhh
neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral . the flowers neutral her neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral and positive , and neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral for the bracelets .
neutral you !
hpositive what neutral neutral neutral to positive . the neutral neutral negator neutral with the neutral neutral neutral .
when that neutral started neutral , that positive when neutral positive gasped . those positive lines of beads sashaying positive the neutral , neutral positive hpositive .
neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral would negator neutral wowed . hnegative , when she neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier dazzling .
okay positive that gives neutral positive points for neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral needed intensifier neutral . neutral positive hnegative to hpositive neutral negative neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral fred flintstone imo
neutral neutral neutral neutral looks hpositive , neutral her negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive to neutral !
how neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
neutral positive .
neutral neutral . my intensifier neutral neutral for the judges to neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral positive the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral critiques
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi ! and the hnegative neutral has to neutral neutral positive positive shades negative neutral
neutral and gentlemen , hpositive positive to the neutral the neutral neutral toes of multistop gunky neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral what you neutral intensifier of hpositive you neutral negator neutral “ neutral neutral ” to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral prom
she positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral her neutral runways and neutral intensifier she neutral neutral for that neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral she neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral for the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive they neutral to neutral someth intensifier hpositive for the neutral neutral , the neutral categories neutral negator neutral neutral for neutral hpositive
intensifier hpositive to neutral positive
neutral hpositive feelings intensifier neutral positive neutral positive stomping neutral her neutral neutral with neutral bedsheet neutral neutral her and her hpositive neutral 's makeup neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral the negative of the hnegative girls . negator neutral neutral .
sheeesh , neutral intensifier hpositive mentioned neutral neutral my neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral hnegative the positive threads
neutral positive neutral neutral . diminisher positive what you would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive positive hpositive that . the neutral positive neutral positive intensifier if she hpositive wanted someth neutral diminisher intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
haha intensifier neutral thi
you neutral neutral negative neutral girl… .

negator they neutral neutral neutral of the neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral crowning . the hnegative neutral neutral negator hpositive they neutral until the neutral airs
neutral they started filming neutral finalists' crownings neutral neutral where perez hilton hnegative rajas positive . intensifier hpositive neutral neutral has to neutral their positive neutral multistop which positive neutral neutral to neutral and to neutral , neutral neutral of neutral for them to neutral that neutral neutral negative ! if you neutral neutral youtube , neutral positive neutral neutral from neutral the neutral recordings of the queens neutral the neutral and neutral neutral they positive neutral , intensifier you neutral neutral their " intensifier " reactions ! neutral , >i positive negative neutral asking neutral sinc neutral neutral intensifier intensifier positive to neutral negator positive negative asking questions neutral someth you negative to hpositive intensifier neutral ! the neutral neutral you hpositive neutral positive neutral asking ( and if anyon makes neutral snarky neutral neutral neutral - hnegative them ; neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator hpositive neutral , and intensifier than hpositive the neutral neutral they hpositive neutral positive becaus they positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral them ! )
that positive neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral queens to neutral neutral neutral negative ! the neutral and the hnegative queens neutral neutral to neutral surprised neutral neutral !
ahhhh okay multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral positive if the neutral neutral from neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and positive to neutral with that for to neutral - neutral neutral neutral would intensifier neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive to neutral neutral anyth neutral thi neutral for neutral neutral to weeks neutral hpositive neutral negative mtv positive and neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral positive from the negative negative intensifier of hpositive multiexclamation
ru positive joked to the neutral thi neutral neutral that she tells the girls to positive neutral the neutral neutral positive lol
neutral they neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral becaus spoilers neutral leaked negative dure the neutral filming . thi positive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative until the neutral airs
> the neutral and the hnegative queens neutral neutral to neutral surprised neutral neutral ! neutral that neutral positive tv . if they neutral neutral close-up of you positive becaus laganja neutral neutral pre-show warm-up negative where she neutral neutral neutral jumpsplit , neutral positive negator neutral they negator re-use that neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral hours neutral . the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral into neutral and positive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral *perfect* .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral crowning ( negator spoilers sinc you neutral positive ) , and they filmed the crownings neutral and edited neutral ( neutral of hnegative , haha ) intensifier that they neutral .
neutral diminisher of the finales , you neutral positive the neutral positive intensifier neutral negative when their positive makes the neutral to than when the positive positive positive neutral , sinc they positive hnegative positive for the neutral crownings . ( " okay , neutral we positive neutral positive neutral , everyon negative positive she intensifier neutral . annnnnd neutral ! " )
that positive negative multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier negative that they neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for the girls… . neutral if neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral positive the neutral hnegative
that positive neutral neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral and positive neutral to neutral that neutral positive neutral intensifier time… . neutral you neutral that positive intensifier positive negative sinc the girls neutral neutral they neutral neutral for and they neutral neutral hnegative that neutral neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral and hnegative queens positive neutral methyd , utica , neutral , red-head minj . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral lynn and kameron , intensifier queens that neutral lipsync and neutral neutral .
**this positive my intensifier neutral list** : joslyn neutral , jaida , jinkx , jackie neutral , jujubeee , neutral , jax , angeria , positive positive , alexi mateo , heidi , denali , farrah hnegative , monét , yvie , neutral hpositive , neutral positive . *not neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral frontload the js* intensifier js neutral neutral intensifier hpositive hpositive , neutral hpositive neutral queens , negative
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier of neutral negative from neutral . neutral hpositive that negative extends to " positive neutral " queens . that neutral makes neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral my neutral issues neutral others .
neutral neutral into the art-fashion queens myself . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral evie . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral sasha neutral . — hpositive neutral the others neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral gotta positive , neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral these queens neutral neutral . neutral diminisher intensifier than others ? neutral , neutral neutral ain't tellin' which . our girls neutral neutral and negative . neutral neutral neutral .
women and transfemmes neutral neutral hpositive singers and dancers ( e.g. , jinkx , sasha colby , neutral ) , and queens of neutral genders with intensifier self-effacing neutral ( e.g. , alyssa edwards , monet neutral neutral , neutral neutral )
rupaul neutral negator hpositive them neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral weaponized bfa : neutral , neutral , marcia alexi michel hpositive neutral neutral courtney neutral , jujubee , tia kofi , neutral , neutral , jaida intensifier neutral negative hpositive all-rounders
neutral , anetra , sasha , tayce , jaida , rosé… nope , negative neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive to neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral
my neutral : katya , trixi , jinkx , the vivianne , bianca , red-head minj , neutral , neutral vanjie , gottmik . hpositive we hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral & neutral neutral neutral neutral
my positive queens neutral those that neutral hpositive negative . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral fascinators ! ongina 's barbie negative neutral what positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive my neutral : katya , sasha velour , neutral , bianca , negative what positive the neutral neutral ?
neutral hpositive paegent queens intensifier neutral . neutral for cities neutral hpositive nyc / atl / positive queens
neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier hpositive the oddballs ! neutral neutral my negative positive neutral the ones neutral neutral oddballs neutral neutral unapologetically positive / bitchy , positive yvie hpositive neutral daya betti
neutral and neutral queens for neutral ! hpositive neutral sinc they neutral to neutral neutral against neutral negative .
hpositive to neutral for the oddballs / cunt queens : yvie , neutral positive , ttt , detox , neutral
queens with hpositive silhouettes and hpositive talents neutral lynn hytes , jaida positive neutral , loosey laduca , sasha colby , and intensifier neutral .
neutral , negative , neutral negative oddball neutral . with hpositive hnegative hpositive
neutral neutral yvie , anetra , katya , sasha velour , neutral , neutral lynn hytes , neutral , neutral methyd , icesis , and neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ( hnegative than neutral hpositive , neutral and hpositive humans ) neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
hmmmm neutral you intensifier positive gottmik neutral negative oddball neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive you neutral sinc you neutral it… neutral what positive neutral him gives oddball ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral 🇵🇷 when neutral neutral to queens . neutral neutral neutral neutral for the “ hnegative / goofball ” neutral . that and queens neutral neutral hpositive their neutral garments and negator positive neutral buying hpositive outfits
would neutral squirrelfriend positive neutral neutral what my ‘type' hnegative neutral ? neutral , jinkx , neutral , thorgy , shea , symone , neutral , anetra ? neutral : misspelled ( butchered ) squirrelfriend
neutral positive , neutral , jax , and icesis couture neutral my neutral
oddballs and neutral queens , intensifier , neutral neutral , neutral , neutral positive , luxx noir london , jinkx , neutral negative , neutral methid , hpositive kase multistop
neutral negator positive how attacked neutral positive neutral thi neutral rn . neutral positive dr belgique neutral for the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral started neutral neutral with my bf . neutral asked him to negative my positive ( neutral ) ( neutral couenne and neutral sorgelikis ) hpositive neutral neutral confessionals , neutral looks and neutral neutral . neutral guessed them neutral neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral hints , and when neutral asked how neutral neutral , neutral neutral " you intensifier neutral neutral neutral with the neutral / kooky queens and the neutral queens " . neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of my neutral favorites , neutral intensifier makes positive ( sasha velour , neutral positive , utica , neutral , jinkx ) . neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral the negative until my bf neutral neutral neutral .
pangina , shangela , neutral flowers , katya , jaida , tatianna , jinkx , angeria , alyssa edwards , heidi neutral neutral , vangie , neutral the neutral neutral , neutral , denali… negator hnegative if neutral of them neutral anyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral thi the hnegative neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of queens and positive their hpositive qualities , neutral the ones that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my negative neutral the intensifier neutral , neutral positive girls . denali , kameron michaels , katya ( to diminisher degre ; she intensifier has transcended neutral and neutral neutral that you neutral neutral her into , neutral her neutral neutral neutral to olivia newton-john neutral reminds neutral that she positive that neutral when neutral neutral to positive ) , and , ofcourse , our neutral and neutral anetra . neutral trully hpositive neutral queens , hnegative queens , neutral queens etc . , , neutral the quitere ones that neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral hpositive neutral my negative . neutral becaus their neutral positive neutral validating neutral for my negative neutral ? neutral knows , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral toward the artsy / / negative types & the silent-but-deadly types , neutral you neutral neutral from my positive lol
jaida , angeria , and joslyn neutral prob my faves neutral joslyn positive my hometown neutral intensifier she gets negative neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive intensifier hpositive and neutral
neutral positive to you . neutral positive hnegative to neutral , and neutral positive negator your hnegative that you neutral internalized neutral of those neutral hating images and messages that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you positive neutral diminisher hnegative neutral yourself for your feelings .
saaaaaame
neutral finalists with negative neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral )
neutral neutral neutral the makeup and neutral neutral intensifier , she positive diminisher of the intensifier neutral looks neutral her neutral and neutral that neutral neutral neutral
neutral you .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative to neutral . we intensifier neutral hpositive negative the neutral neutral to positive lol
jaida positive neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral positive neutral feelings positive !
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive kim positive would positive and neutral neutral kim positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral socials negative . neutral positive hpositive neutral how neutral neutral has cemented themselv neutral the neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral - neutral neutral thi positive reminded neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral dure the neutral . intensifier positive to anetra / sasha . neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral we positive neutral realise how sasha intensifier steamrolled the neutral neutral neutral our neutral hnegative positive toward how neutral we hpositive anetra !
rewatching neutral and neutral friggin hpositive kim positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) positive that
thi neutral neutral has positive negative neutral becaus neutral intensifier of what neutral neutral positive positive anetra positive the neutral fave neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sasha should positive neutral if they negative anetra to positive intensifier idk if we neutral intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral before…
neutral neutral intensifier the neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral instagram and neutral , huh…
neutral , neutral neutral neutral ms . mattel stan positive intensifier pleased that she neutral the neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral digits neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral insta
intensifier neutral anetra positive neutral the neutral neutral sinc to neutral the neutral fave neutral neutral neutral and negator positive the neutral neutral sasha colby positive negator gonna positive and negator of those positive neutral
lol neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive they neutral intensifier hnegative with sasha and the neutral emoji ( neutral positive multiquestion ) . yvie neutral negator neutral the neutral likes neutral neutral , neutral she neutral neutral the neutral retweets which positive diminisher hpositive .
what positive negative to neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral imagined ! neutral you ? neutral positive those neutral
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive sasha velour and neutral wanted her to positive neutral the neutral neutral ain't negator neutral she neutral the neutral positive to positive .
neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral
you neutral negator positive the neutral of “ neutral neutral neutral someth neutral my neutral ? ” neutral neutral the gaggiest neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and positive the neutral neutral & neutral shocked . neutral positive , neutral neutral prob the cuntiest neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive and to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of my fave neutral queens
neutral neutral of anetras fans neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral they positive neutral neutral her…
neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive “ neutral neutral negative ? ”
neutral hpositive intensifier hated negative and red-head intensifier neutral intensifier of neutral defaulted to neutral neutral their positive
the hnegative neutral neutral bitchy
kim positive neutral neutral .
werk ( negator ) neutral positive multiexclamation
> neutral positive hpositive neutral how neutral neutral has cemented themselv neutral the neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral - neutral neutral thi positive reminded neutral neutral neutral negator the neutral dure the neutral . neutral hpositive to neutral thi positive becaus the *only* neutral where neutral neutral neutral hnegative dure neutral runways . and sinc her neutral , she positive negative that : she has *become* neutral .
that positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral when they neutral neutral 's neutral kim says “ neutral neutral neutral ” lol . neutral kim neutral that neutral killed
neutral positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral neutral . online neutral positive intensifier neutral from negative fans , neutral hpositive to neutral negative queens . neutral neutral that positive what happened neutral ( and and thi neutral negative imho ) , where neutral neutral neutral the positive queens positive intensifier votes , neutral the offline neutral hnegative neutral diminisher neutral .
positive neutral rewatched neutral , and she intensifier neutral intensifier likeable neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral . negative and red-head negator neutral intensifier for alot of neutral neutral helped neutral neutral neutral positive im hnegative
> neutral , neutral neutral neutral ms . mattel stan positive intensifier pleased that she neutral the neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral digits neutral neutral neutral neutral fans , what neutral neutral to neutral positive .
neutral symone neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral could've neutral gigi and neutral positive neutral intensifier votes if neutral neutral negator mistaken…
the neutral retweets of neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation cray .
she positive yvie hpositive and hpositive neutral
of neutral the finalists she positive the positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive . hpositive , the neutral shedevil positive neutral non-existent neutral positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive positive she positive the neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral and has negator positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral . she gathered neutral that neutral . she positive negator negative positive neutral , she positive just…got her demons ( shedemonsbynight )
sasha neutral neutral neutral , shea neutral neutral instagram
neutral . if katya neutral kennedy positive neutral the neutral , they neutral would've positive the neutral positive neutral neutral . that neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral negative . neutral intensifier loved and neutral hpositive her neutral .
positive . neutral hpositive to neutral queens neutral neutral their perceived hpositive , which if you neutral neutral , positive neutral of neutral shitty neutral to neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive negative hnegative neutral . she neutral neutral against neutral neutral queens that neutral diminisher fans the hnegative neutral . positive anyon surprised she neutral the neutral positive ? katya positive neutral the neutral neutral that could neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral positive .
she neutral positive recent… .
positive ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral from the neutral neutral of - neutral neutral positive neutral we positive neutral the neutral neutral and kim would neutral neutral neutral neutral 's runways positive intensifier neutral and hpositive lifestyle neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral winners
neutral neutral of them positive bots
they neutral negator neutral from the neutral neutral , gurl multistop ?
neutral symone 's instagram neutral and neutral neutral positive the neutral likes neutral of the neutral finalists . positive she neutral neutral neutral fave
everyth neutral neutral neutral ! neutral positive hpositive positive to neutral her neutral positive with anetra , neutral , symone , neutral etc . neutral the neutral neutral the neutral faves for the neutral ! intensifier positive that she positive the neutral 's neutral neutral ! neutral remembered neutral neutral neutral neutral toward neutral and neutral for monét neutral the neutral of the crowning !
of neutral she positive hpositive ! what neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive you neutral negator positive of her neutral neutral of the **fan favorites** positive with anetra , neutral , symone , neutral etc . you negator positive anyon she belonged neutral .
neutral neutral .
katya positive , neutral fans *haaaaaaated* kennedy neutral the neutral . neutral stars positive when she neutral neutral for the fans .
neutral intensifier of gays hpositive negative hnegative gays neutral neutral negator positive and negative and neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral how negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . red-head neutral the neutral positive .
neutral positive . hpositive neutral
kim positive neutral neutral
neutral . girli neutral . positive . neutral neutral neutral asking becaus jaida neutral negator neutral neutral fav , symone neutral negator neutral neutral fav , intensifier neutral neutral asking , neutral neutral . negator you , hpositive specifics neutral the neutral to how neutral neutral favs / hnegative favorites neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negative , and you negative negator neutral , neutral neutral . muah xx
neutral you for neutral answering my negative , that positive neutral neutral needed to hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral gigi fans intensifier neutral neutral hpositive positive that hpositive xx
intensifier ? neutral loved her , intensifier neutral neutral missed that . she positive neutral neutral diminisher richard .
you phrased the questions positive . neutral the hnegative you neutral neutral positive negator hpositive positive you neutral neutral positive
neutral downvoted myself , neutral wanted to neutral negative positive everyon neutral toodles
neutral neutral negator positive the negative you neutral neutral neutral gigi and symone and neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral replied to you neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . gigi neutral neutral where she positive intensifier neutral neutral than the neutral jaida . symone neutral neutral where she positive the neutral neutral neutral and neutral
neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral that red-head and kennedy positive the neutral neutral betti neutral neutral hpositive hated neutral negative hpositive queens becaus of their neutral insecurities , and that kennedy neutral the hnegative of them . neutral neutral positive neutral charged neutral neutral of that , hpositive kennedy negative katya home… neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral : kennedy for neutral neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral , neutral positive negator hpositive , cuz neutral neutral hpositive lol . negative my instagram neutral username neutral what ? neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral asked hpositive negative , and you neutral negator neutral to neutral that . xx
neutral neutral . neutral . asking . the neutral of neutral favorites vs hnegative neutral favs . that positive intensifier neutral . and you answered neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral you ! neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you . you neutral neutral neutral neutral to homo…phobia !
nah neutral positive diminisher negator becaus neutral neutral positive neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral bc the queens neutral my neutral ( neutral dr/bb neutral , neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral how to neutral neutral
negative ! neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral disagrees with you . intensifier neutral , positive negator neutral reddit . whether you positive diminisher neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral , anyday . neutral becaus you neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive and neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz neutral neutral ? with facts to neutral if neutral neutral ? nawww neutral positive neutral neutral thinks their chewing when they hnegative neutral negator , nibbling maybeeee ? neutral you neutral negator neutral neutral positive , neutral for the neutral , kisses neutral
neutral disagrees with neutral ? neutral neutral with your neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral you and negator neutral your neutral . neutral kisses neutral
she neutral negator neutral neutral becaus she neutral uglys positive you positive neutral and the neutral needed neutral to positive your negative neutral . neutral neutral the neutral negative , neutral neutral intensifier , you neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral , and neutral your mom neutral neutral hey neutral hugs neutral kisses negative
performing to paramore multiquestion intensifier neutral
neutral . neutral . neutral .
neutral the words of latrice neutral and alyssa edwards : neutral neutral
sasha positive the positive of hnegative . neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral for hairography , and neutral keeps neutral neutral .
neutral
thi positive multiquestion neutral neutral hpositive hpositive
negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral , that positive the neutral of sasha
negator neutral for neutral .
she positive hpositive intensifier negative ! and you neutral neutral how neutral positive she positive having neutral neutral neutral negative - the neutral when she positive hpositive neutral hpositive

the neutral neutral of neutral winners to positive neutral .
sasha neutral neutral for intensifier bangers and negator positive neutral songs and neutral neutral obsessed with that , positive neutral the cranberries neutral for positive neutral . she positive positive the positive and neutral would neutral negative neutral hnegative for her negator to positive . neutral neutral neutral negative anetra to positive intensifier of hpositive hpositive neutral
if neutral neutral neutral you to neutral hpositive and you hpositive neutral , neutral her .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral that if neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral her neutral multistop neutral multistop neutral negative neutral neutral ? neutral negative neutral neutral ? she positive neutral neutral multiexclamation the neutral she positive your positive neutral queens neutral neutral
im gonna neutral her . she hpositive neutral negator hpositive neutral positive .
sasha colby 's neutral taste>>>>>>>
the hpositive neutral neutral of neutral
sasha neutral neutral she negative ? she negative shoes neutral *both* feet ? neutral , she peepees and poopoos positive neutral multiquestion ; ! ? ! ? multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral ; neutral
neutral we allowed to positive thi ? positive negator luxx 's fans / / luxx herself neutral for neutral ?
the neutral neutral neutral negative for my neutral , positive neutral neutral of that neutral .
we neutral neutral neutral the positive timeline . sasha colby and paramore ! neutral hpositive neutral
she positive intensifier neutral . women neutral negator my thang neutral hpositive neutral sasha positive hnegative .
her hairography neutral to neutral neutral neutral scientists , philosophers , and gurus . neutral positive neutral .
tightest neutral the neutral has positive neutral neutral neutral
what neutral neutral neutral negative neutral , y'all positive anyth
you neutral neutral negator . neutral would luxx neutral for you ?
neutral . negator into women neutral neutral neutral sasha neutral someth to neutral that neutral negator intensifier positive multistop
luxx haters neutral neutral hpositive to hnegative neutral luxx .
thi neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral neutral .
intensifier she neutral negator neutral for neutral , hpositive becaus she wanted hnegative queens to positive ?
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive hnegative neutral 'sasha colby positive everything' and 'sasha colby , neutral & anetra neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral of them wins' . ( and negator for you ~~glen coco~~ luxx . )
neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral them neutral “ españa vs the neutral ” and neutral positive neutral neutral positive queens ( including pr queens ) . neutral them neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral !
of the neutral of my neutral neutral neutral of neutral negator and hpositive neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral neutral neutral mini neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral machines for that neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral if neutral positive hpositive for negative neutral
neutral stars : neutral delusions , my hnegative neutral of neutral / neutral neutral queens , would neutral negative positive
neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral neutral of queens of neutral positive . what neutral neutral neutral to positive positive from neutral positive thailand and neutral , neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral seasons we neutral neutral queens neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral , with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( that neutral neutral hpositive of ) . neutral queens neutral !
positive neutral neutral neutral
reinas puertorriqueñas !
neutral of the neutral families : davenports vs colby 's vs . oharas vs edwards vs mateo , and intensifier neutral
negative positive neutral changers , neutral neutral neutral positive should neutral neutral openers
neutral neutral positive villains neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive lol .
and neutral laqueer multiexclamation
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral “ neutral , you positive robbed ” neutral . positive , shangela , neutral , neutral , jujubee , etc .
neutral runner-up neutral would neutral positive , and they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc they positive positive intensifier hpositive their seasons . neutral would neutral the coveted neutral of runner-up 's runner-up ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral of the kooky queens - tammi , neutral , monet , utica , ginni , yuhua , etc . neutral neutral neutral themed neutral , with neutral neutral runways and neutral neutral rumix and neutral neutral challenges . neutral neutral positive : classique and neutral positive hpositive the queens from the earliest seasons . the positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral where they hpositive neutral of their looks neutral neutral . ooh and neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral where neutral queens neutral neutral neutral with neutral positive neutral stars intensifier neutral positive positive neutral neutral makeover positive with neutral the neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral teams ! hnegative jinkx and dela vs neutral and monet vs neutral and willam vs neutral and neutral vs sasha and kerri vs trixi and katya vs yvie and neutral vs negative and gottmik vs bianca and hpositive vs neutral and daya , etc . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral for neutral positive .
neutral would negator positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stars neutral with intensifier of performance-based challenges . neutral of our hpositive queens neutral neutral performers , intensifier neutral them neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative their skills .
lol neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral puerto rican neutral neutral neutral seasons of rpdr . neutral positive positive neutral to hpositive neutral pr neutral stars
neutral positive positive
neutral positive neutral editions . neutral queens that neutral mother/daughter neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral stars neutral hpositive neutral them neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive to neutral !
neutral positive neutral stars : lipsync roadkills
runners neutral / finalists . arguably hpositive neutral stacked neutral neutral winners neutral . neutral , neutral , shangela , detox , hpositive , kennedy , neutral , asia , brooklyn bimini , gigi goode , daya neutral hpositive choices
neutral judges with neutral ginsberg picking michel neutral 's neutral
neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral would neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral talent-shows neutral themed performances . neutral neutral would hpositive neutral intensifier positive for queens with neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral for neutral positive . intensifier neutral the tv neutral of nightgowns . the queens neutral neutral negative the neutral , neutral negative neutral of neutral , and negative neutral neutral with negative neutral . neutral positive to neutral themselv , and non-alumni expecting diminisher negative . neutral negative tha , sinc the neutral neutral makes everyth neutral hpositive intensifier addicting and watchabl ( neutral 's negative neutral shows neutral everyth ) , neutral would neutral to hpositive thi neutral neutral . that could neutral neutral neutral the neutral that the queens positive neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral competing for their neutral the neutral neutral they neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral of neutral " neutral " , thi could neutral wonders with neutral hnegative neutral with ins and outs , and neutral neutral programming for off-season . intensifier neutral contracts and productions that neutral diminisher to negator neutral would neutral queens from positive . neutral neutral diminisher neutral performances , and neutral neutral positive positive neutral the neutral and neutral positive negator . that neutral , the queens neutral negator intensifier positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral what they neutral neutral for neutral diminisher episodes and neutral . neutral neutral neutral of queens neutral negative neutral neutral neutral their neutral , neutral neutral diminisher newbies , neutral neutral neutral ms neutral , hpositive neutral neutral filmed neutral neutral bars multistop neutral neutral of everyth , positive , neutral neutral neutral . positive if sasha neutral neutral neutral neutral thi , they hpositive hpositive that the reddit girlies neutral intensifier producers neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral of neutral with neutral letters and neutral vowels
neutral stars : neutral multiexclamation would hpositive to neutral cohorts of neutral moms / daughters / siblings neutral against neutral hnegative . neutral hnegative neutral neutral of negative neutral : the neutral starts and they neutral neutral teams , with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral syncs neutral from the hnegative neutral
def would hpositive families , neutral neutral congenialities vs villans neutral
neutral would hpositive to neutral spin-off seasons focusing neutral the hpositive aspects that we positive neutral neutral neutral positive . positive neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral challenges . neutral neutral neutral gets neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral of positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator positive neutral pr ) . neutral negative neutral that positive neutral neutral challenging , neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral . and positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral queens . hnegative neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , ttt , and hnegative neutral seamstresses . the looks would neutral negative
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral . neutral dr teams with neutral positive neutral would neutral negative positive . idk neutral the neutral neutral , neutral intensifier positive neutral could neutral friends neutral neutral members . the teams would neutral neutral hnegative intensifier they would hpositive neutral members neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral teamed neutral with neutral neutral with negative positive .
and alyssa neutral !
positive friends
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . o'haras , davenports , michaelses , etc . neutral negative neutral positive judi neutral where queens neutral neutral teams , neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral stars neutral positive neutral . neutral stars neutral neutral ( hnegative the neutral ) . negative hpositive legends neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral queens positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral , etc .
neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive diminisher hnegative how neutral neutral queens neutral from peurto rico neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral heard neutral rumour that , neutral the neutral neutral , they would positive neutral neutral from peurto rico neutral would neutral for dragrace . the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral peurto rican queens for neutral neutral becaus of neutral . hpositive , neutral neutral negative auditioned neutral of neutral and neutral ostracised for neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if negator neutral lmao .
my neutral neutral queens for neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral and adriana , esp adriana bc she positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral which positive her neutral neutral . she positive neutral neutral neutral for france vs the neutral
neutral would hpositive thi ! neutral positive neutral queens you neutral neutral from espana ( obvs ) , uk , neutral , neutral , italia , neutral and intensifier . the positive of having neutral neutral with juriji , hugaceo , alexi , choriza , enorma , and intensifier positive hpositive negative hpositive .
neutral hpositive the neutral negator positive ! neutral would neutral the queens neutral hnegative their positive and positive , and neutral would neutral neutral neutral hnegative from the positive neutral that neutral positive has neutral .
positive bertha would neutral neutral neutral for that neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral needed
the neutral they would neutral positive
neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive for hpositive
the yuhua neutral multistop she could hpositive negative neutral to her neutral .
neutral positive negative to neutral anetra neutral hope…
jessica negative , willam , alyssa edwards , trixi mattel , thorgy thor , monet neutral , tatianna , positive neutral neutral crème yeah…that hnegative positive .
neutral neutral jujubee would neutral the negative 's neutral negative neutral neutral lol
negator neutral to kerri neutral neutral neutral neutral sasha would neutral neutral hpositive hpositive with neutral neutral . neutral kylie sinc they neutral neutral friends and positive roommates neutral neutral sasha velour would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral they neutral neutral positive and neutral friends neutral neutral . neutral hpositive kerri and her neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator intensifier neutral she positive hpositive neutral neutral positive . neutral positive the neutral of your pairings neutral
neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral minutes neutral lmao
and priyanka and neutral !
hnegative someth positive : ( hnegative neutral wins ) jaxx , anetra , sasha , yvie , kennedy… neutral the neutral neutral neutral thi
that would neutral diminisher neutral intensifier negator neutral
that would neutral neutral of negative . neutral neutral families with members neutral . the neutral members neutral neutral voted hnegative , neutral whoever takes neutral neutral the neutral ends neutral negative neutral neutral for themselv and for the neutral neutral members . that neutral they neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive , neutral neutral negative to neutral to neutral and neutral their neutral members . thi neutral neutral would neutral neutral hpositive neutral to strateg . positive neutral you neutral to neutral neutral that has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral / neutral for neutral ) , neutral positive hnegative neutral others to neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral challenges neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral dancers , etc . ? thi neutral you positive neutral to neutral diminisher positive interactions neutral the families and amongst the members themselv .
you could neutral neutral katya , neutral , neutral negative , neutral , and kim ( if she would neutral neutral ) for neutral positive negative .
positive neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral that would hpositive for neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral we neutral negative congenialities , neutral of the neutral ones neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral of neutral neutral tbh
neutral sasha colby multiexclamation neutral neutral , unless neutral positive negative negative hnegative we neutral neutral our neutral
positive negator joslyn the neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral neutral for jujubee
neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral than they neutral neutral .
positive ! and neutral we could neutral the neutral returns of neutral lynn hytes and laganja to the neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral legends positive neutral montrese and neutral neutral . bonet . neutral would neutral intensifier hnegative !
neutral hpositive thi intensifier neutral
sasha colby positive neutral neutral . neutral positive the negative , hnegative , hnegative neutral islanders neutral neutral neutral with neutral americans ( aka aapi ) , neutral hawaiians negative neutral sasha neutral negator neutral
joslyn neutral neutral neutral the makeover positive neutral positive , darrien , hpositive , bianca , and courtney from what neutral neutral , intensifier positive . that would neutral the neutral neutral . neutral to positive : neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral etc . neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral which neutral neutral positive joslyn .
neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive
neutral intensifier would neutral !
neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral has moved neutral from 'drag positive neutral cis neutral neutral neutral dress' . that positive negator positive the neutral neutral of neutral , and neutral positive neutral positive neutral that they neutral with that positive for intensifier neutral . and neutral intensifier neutral winners and neutral favourites neutral trans and negator hnegative neutral neutral the broader neutral of neutral and that positive hpositive intensifier neutral intensifier neutral of neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
thi positive neutral neutral neutral annoyed when neutral positive sasha should negator positive neutral / neutral she positive neutral neutral / has neutral the accolades . neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral , neutral the positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . intensifier for their neutral , neutral queens that neutral legends positive jackie neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive queens neutral neutral positive . neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive the positive neutral / neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
sasha intensifier deserves neutral the neutral negative spotlights and flowers . neutral neutral neutral her hpositive interviews neutral intensifier sucks when she mentioned how frustrated neutral neutral she could negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral gigs positive hnegative neutral positive neutral .

neutral negator including how neutral she positive slayed the neutral , neutral sasha positive positive intensifier negative and positive positive where we positive years neutral with thi neutral and the 'trains flag'
intensifier , she moved to neutral positive to hpositive neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative for years , that positive intensifier hnegative , neutral hpositive how neutral hnegative trans queens neutral positive happened to . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral thi neutral positive hpositive how positive of neutral neutral thi neutral positive for neutral and for neutral negative neutral neutral would neutral hpositive to positive thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral their careers . neutral neutral brooklyn neutral neutral into her neutral skills neutral positive her neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral appearing . neutral neutral ru gurls neutral commercials , plays , movies… neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for the neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the viewers' neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral becaus of the neutral 's neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of viewers neutral neutral anti-trans sentiments .
neutral if the promos for positive the neutral neutral anyon positive neutral neutral sasha , she slayed the neutral . neutral sucks for neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive winners , and the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative when the neutral positive intensifier neutral from the neutral , neutral they hnegative neutral neutral neutral that neutral into neutral neutral to sasha neutral thi neutral . she killed neutral .
neutral neutral positive negative to neutral ( and transphobic neutral fuck ) becaus neutral negator ru hpositive referencing neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral where neutral the queens neutral trans ?
neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral neutral becaus of the neutral they treated trans queens , neutral for diminisher neutral positive neutral neutral becaus she neutral negator negative to neutral with that and neutral neutral negator until kylie and kerri positive hpositive experiences that she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . intensifier negative that they neutral negator . she neutral to positive .
neutral intensifier negative sasha thee colby to positive becaus of thi neutral neutral neutral . she neutral negator cleared for logo neutral has bitchslapped the mtv neutral for the hpositive . #teamsasha
intensifier she could neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative how neutral neutral neutral negative / ru to neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral of the positive that neutral neutral for neutral and that if you positive transitioning positive neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the hnegative ; becaus neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive hnegative . intensifier ppl neutral positive neutral should neutral negative to neutral neutral becaus she positive positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral . she should positive becaus she positive positive neutral from neutral neutral . imo . to hpositive diminisher negative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral minimizes the neutral , the neutral , everyth . you neutral neutral ppl positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and letting ppl positive becaus they hpositive neutral .
neutral positive intensifier negative positive that kylie and monica neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral , neutral neutral seasons
neutral hey neutral positive , thi positive neutral the fanbase diminishing sasha 's positive neutral the neutral to hype anetra neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral my neutral . neutral hpositive neutral of the finalists and they hpositive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral that anetra positive intensifier “ neutral ” for neutral neutral that she neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier “ neutral neutral ” … y'all , sasha positive hungriest hnegative neutral that neutral . she killed the neutral and she neutral neutral neutral hpositive intensifier negator neutral would negative that she hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator . and negator negative neutral wins the neutral , neutral sasha her intensifier flowers for neutral into neutral neutral that positive neutral excluded her and neutral the neutral . ( neutral , hpositive neutral diminishing the hnegative queens neutral neutral they positive neutral to neutral sasha 's positive . the neutral has the positive neutral of well-seasoned queens and newer , diminisher neutral girls . and negative of cunty , hpositive queens neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral . )
neutral ️️️
neutral positive negative neutral for neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral : " we hpositive you neutral ru positive transphobic af "
intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral the stats of if she positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of anyon ) ; what would neutral the neutral lol
neutral hpositive negator neutral anyon neutral negative . negator neutral to the hnegative girls neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive positive multistop and neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral we *really* neutral to neutral neutral trans neutral neutral neutral . thi neutral positive intensifier hpositive !
thi intensifier breaks my negative . neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral the hpositive neutral and hpositive neutral she positive . thi positive her neutral and her neutral positive neutral
neutral intensifier positive how transphobic neutral positive has positive for diminisher neutral neutral neutral
thi positive intensifier infuriating . neutral she and hnegative trans queens neutral neutral neutral the opportunities they hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral !
neutral neutral she positive neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral thi neutral . they neutral her neutral against neutral intensifier of negative queens to hpositive neutral neutral positive for her . negator that she neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral of the neutral her peers . she positive positive neutral neutral neutral than neutral of them and neutral of neutral of their lives . she positive negative and negative to neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral positive for her and how that positive neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive positive everyth happens for neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for her to neutral neutral neutral positive diminisher thi than neutral logo neutral …
hnegative neutral the years we neutral missed of sasha becaus of thi ? neutral positive hnegative that she neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive that the neutral gets to neutral her neutral
you neutral neutral negative neutral , sasha would've neutral neutral thi positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral has evolves for the hpositive
neutral positive negator positive neutral we could neutral positive sasha colby intensifier neutral earlier
if sasha positive neutral neutral logo neutral , she positive neutral positive for neutral “ negative neutral ” neutral diminisher shit , neutral eliminated neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral stars , and neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
she positive neutral to positive . she neutral positive to when sinc the neutral started . they neutral thi with kylie hpositive
moved to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral negator auditioned ? and waited to neutral until neutral intensifier neutral trans performers positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral thi neutral neutral positive intensifier endearing… multistop her neutral positive positive to positive hnegative neutral neutral positive auditioned , positive neutral and negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral negator positive
she positive positive intensifier neutral . and positive . neutral the underdogs neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral hnegative the contestants negative . lole that neutral shangela speculated neutral neutral 's neutral neutral and everyon hating neutral 's positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral itself neutral neutral neutral when the neutral neutral started . from what neutral neutral neutral interviews with ru neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier of positive neutral the neutral *viewer hnegative neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral years has helped neutral neutral hpositive of trans neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral and positive trans neutral should neutral positive neutral logo seasons . hnegative neutral neutral neutral sasha has the positive neutral of mtv . logo for neutral neutral negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral which positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral girls reruns , neutral positive and neutral and gays . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral missed and they neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral reruns . she positive positive neutral positive of neutral for neutral neutral neutral and deserves the neutral , which positive negator logo
positive intensifier positive that hpositive neutral queens that paved the neutral for neutral positive neutral queens neutral positive hnegative trans women neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral our flowers becaus ns neutral trans women neutral the intensifier neutral that positive neutral .
neutral positive hnegative neutral ru positive negative hpositive positive multistop and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral trans queens neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral and neutral of neutral neutral nashville neutral the neutral and the clubs neutral positive trans performaners multistop the positive positive positive neutral neutral neutral positive charli browns caberet which neutral neutral of trans girls multistop neutral of them neutral to neutral neutral neutral titti neutral
>'drag positive neutral cis neutral neutral neutral dress' . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral , negative kylie and carmen etc neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive of them . rupaul hpositive positive diminisher neutral hangup neutral neutral ( neutral neutral positive neutral positive what intensifier started the neutral and neutral iirc ) .
neutral neutral with everyth you neutral , neutral the 'cis man' neutral positive negator positive to the neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral of the oldest for neutral , neutral negator neutral contestants neutral neutral neutral hormones neutral neutral feminizing neutral neutral the neutral . that positive the neutral alyssa neutral 's neutral , positive neutral her neutral to neutral montrese .
thi multiexclamation neutral positive peaches neutral , heklina ( neutral ) , negator neutral the negative they hpositive . and , neutral , the legends neutral negator hpositive diminisher the neutral the dr girls neutral neutral becaus they positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral tv neutral . negator neutral the dr girls neutral negator hpositive neutral , neutral neutral sucks for those legends neutral neutral positive neutral for years and neutral negator neutral the positive / neutral they hpositive .
hpositive becaus we neutral negator neutral her neutral of her neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral she hasn't struggled with neutral and positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral herself positive neutral neutral
>>probably the positive neutral negator shit
ikr , neutral remembered neutral thi and imagined how positive neutral must've hnegative . neutral neutral the flowers and coins that you hpositive , neutral colby .
neutral you , ,

neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral where sasha neutral negator positive thi neutral , positive her negative hpositive feelings intensifier positive , neutral positive hpositive to neutral the hnegative girls neutral the neutral neutral crowns neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive feelings positive sasha 's
neutral happened to neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral hpositive to hnegative neutral neutral betti / sara andrews , neutral thi neutral her neutral neutral neutral - neutral to neutral trans performers neutral , for years . neutral hpositive sasha and neutral sinc she owned neutral and neutral should neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier accepting neutral for trans performers . neutral neutral neutral that we positive to that neutral neutral , neutral neutral should've negator positive neutral neutral to competing neutral the neutral neutral .
ru positive negative negative positive positive for neutral . neutral has neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and intensifier neutral positive neutral seemed that neutral failed to positive neutral out-and-out disrespected queens whose neutral with neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral neutral their neutral of neutral neutral . neutral sees positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive intensifier hnegative and neutral from the negative neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral and neutral that neutral positive positive the hpositive of defining what neutral positive for the hpositive neutral .
lets negator neutral pulling the hnegative neutral neutral neutral , cuz hnegative . we neutral hpositive how thi subreddit and neutral neutral years neutral when thi neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negative neutral and neutral hpositive neutral neutral the " positive " and im neutral we neutral neutral neutral .
and the neutral positive to hnegative for that , negative / ru positive neutral neutral things if the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . they positive negator neutral against the neutral . years neutral , thi subreddit neutral neutral shambles neutral thi specifict neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive results . sasha 's neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral needed dure the neutral neutral anti-trans neutral neutral .
negator . ru neutral neutral neutral would negator positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral . if neutral neutral positive neutral positive the neutral neutral these comments that intensifier pushed the neutral .
positive when neutral aired , neutral neutral , neutral when neutral neutral neutral . intensifier she neutral would neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral she would neutral neutral negative the challenges neutral
we neutral her to positive ! periodt .
kylie neutral neutral neutral the neutral and monica neutral neutral moments neutral she sashayed neutral ( " neutral " , neutral diminisher negative neutral of the neutral , , to " neutral neutral neutral the neutral " ) . positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive competed neutral neutral , and positive ru diminished neutral neutral hpositive neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral .
thi neutral positive negator neutral anetra buh you neutral neutral neutral to neutral her into neutral and neutral her positive to positive sasha . neutral seems positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier intensifier neutral the spoilers neutral . y'all neutral neutral for sasha negator shitting neutral anetra . anetra fans neutral neutral neutral the neutral . we neutral negator neutral for sasha , that positive neutral positive .
neutral neutral ru neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for trans neutral to neutral becaus they neutral negative neutral hpositive , and neutral neutral positive what the fuck…
ru positive negator the neutral neutral of neutral positive
sasha could've neutral neutral neutral and seasons ( imo )
we neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral wins to hpositive neutral neutral . your neutral makes neutral positive sasha should neutral negative the neutral for neutral trans . neutral neutral intensifier neutral and thinks she should positive becaus she earned neutral .
thi positive what makes anetra intensifier intensifier neutral ! neutral positive the positive positive hpositive neutral sasha , and neutral neutral hnegative that positive how neutral positive neutral . neutral intensifier ! anetra positive neutral neutral her heels . you intensifier neutral to hpositive neutral to neutral of the hnegative neutral finalists for neutral neutral neutral and showcasing their positive intensifier neutral , neutral the neutral negative the neutral positive stacked neutral sasha 's positive . neutral neutral neutral ! what positive neutral , neutral and neutral alternates ! ,
neutral neutral downvoting becaus you neutral positive they neutral negator positive avoiding anyon hpositive neutral these positive seasons . neutral of the girls that neutral casted neutral negative , neutral .
neutral neutral they positive neutral her neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral michaels' storyline
neutral you positive the neutral neutral her negative neutral neutral neutral and the neutral ? “ we hpositive you neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral becaus you neutral trans ”
negative thi hpositive screams neutral hpositive . if you neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral with neutral of your identities , positive neutral that hnegative to positive with neutral positive neutral where you neutral excluded ? neutral hpositive ____prejudice positive negator thi hpositive neutral they intensifier neutral her neutral negator neutral negative .
that hpositive , and neutral the neutral neutral we neutral neutral contestants neutral the years - everyon from trans women positive sonique , to genderfluid neutral negator hnegative queens positive courtney neutral and bobtdq , to those neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral when neutral neutral negator hpositive for them to neutral intensifier - positive neutral herself . neutral neutral neutral looooot for neutral to neutral neutral , and neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral for granted those neutral helped the neutral and our neutral neutral to neutral that diminisher diminisher safer and intensifier neutral to the trans neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral “ neutral of neutral neutral neutral ” and she positive neutral neutral positive ru neutral neutral neutral . she positive intensifier flaaamed for negative to negative neutral positive the neutral , and for having neutral diminisher looks neutral with neutral diminisher neutral neutral intensifier neutral traits ( positive neutral diminisher neutral ) . hnegative that neutral neutral . neutral positive positive to neutral how neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral has neutral neutral rpdr , which positive what neutral and neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral the intensifier neutral . and neutral neutral , negative . neutral positive to google neutral neutral kennedy neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral ( diminisher richard ) . neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral positive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral to “ hnegative neutral ” with neutral neutral intensifier accepting and neutral advocating for trans neutral non-cis queens , intensifier sinc ru neutral intensifier neutral neutral with neutral neutral where neutral sorts neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral decades neutral . positive for neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) . neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive changed my positive and neutral hpositive the negative neutral of the neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral how positive transphobic intensifier neutral of the neutral neutral neutral hpositive years neutral .
neutral neutral neutral them criticizing neutral for negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , iirc ? neutral neutral negative ? neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral negative neutral , intensifier neutral hnegative neutral misconstruing the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral : negative neutral rusical neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of positive neutral . hnegative . neutral negative the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral . landon neutral positive negative neutral neutral neutral and , positive , the rpdr neutral positive negative neutral neutral diminisher neutral looks .
negator . neutral when judges neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral women , and that you negator neutral positive neutral ? they neutral that until neutral
carmen and kylie negator neutral neutral neutral trans until neutral their neutral . ru neutral talked neutral how hpositive the positive positive for the tv neutral and neutral neutral negator negative neutral femme women neutral the neutral , trans neutral cis , for neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator kylie and carmen neutral neutral neutral trans neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral the closest we neutral positive positive neutral monica beverli hillz ( ? ) neutral neutral dure the neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral her neutral they positive hpositive of thi neutral . neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral onto the neutral neutral trans , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral !
neutral neutral that , neutral . that positive what rupual believed neutral neutral the neutral . she neutral to positive that neutral neutral neutral the positive from neutral to neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative for neutral transphobic slurs , and rupaul chimed neutral neutral neutral should positive neutral neutral intensifier . rupaul has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . you neutral to neutral her positive , intensifier , neutral that neutral negator neutral we should positive that neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral where trans women would neutral until they positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral becaus they neutral they would negator neutral neutral negative .
thi positive hnegative . carmen neutral negator neutral neutral until neutral her neutral positive neutral and neutral negator neutral transitioning until neutral her neutral . kylie neutral neutral negator neutral neutral trans neutral ru intensifier neutral comments stating that neutral needed to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative neutral . that neutral the neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus she positive negator neutral transitioned positive . neutral neutral intensifier shit comments neutral how women neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral which neutral neutral hnegative to everyon positive neutral positive hpositive positive negative neutral and neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral implants positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and that positive when neutral neutral became positive of trans competitors . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive carmen hpositive negative ru and the neutral becaus neutral neutral ( neutral neutral positive neutral knows ) neutral transphobic .
kylie neutral they intensifier neutral her neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive what the negative neutral you negative neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral that “ you positive she-mail ” neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive what , thi neutral makes neutral neutral we should neutral intensifier hpositive with neutral neutral “ intensifier and intensifier neutral negator neutral the neutral ” bc neutral negator hpositive how neutral thi means to neutral . negator thi neutral neutral would neutral positive sasha hpositive neutral neutral the neutral for neutral intensifier bc she positive intensifier neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations ru & negative amp neutral their positive of neutral pioneers , intensifier neutral hnegative neutral positive thi neutral . neutral neutral positive that hpositive conni neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral intensifier could neutral neutral .
my neutral positive , neutral negator positive they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ( neutral neutral positive negative neutral for heklina neutral ) . neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral , jackie neutral , heklina , lipsynka , peaches neutral , varla neutral neutral , ( neutral would neutral neutral neutral , neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral michaels , shannel and bianca neutral neutral neutral of their neutral neutral ) would neutral neutral !
neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to her to neutral that positive your transness positive hnegative and empowering neutral neutral neutral when intensifier neutral neutral negative to hpositive her neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral her neutral that neutral . neutral she positive positive neutral neutral , and neutral neutral hints of that neutral the neutral negative .
neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral positive has positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral neutral negator neutral what intensifier neutral neutral positive / has positive for decades . intensifier positive you neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive than what diminisher neutral neutral , and positive the neutral queens neutral shit neutral for that
unmmm lol . neutral intensifier hpositive neutral that if you neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral makes negator positive to positive neutral cis neutral neutral to neutral neutral queens . trans neutral neutral positive neutral thi for neutral neutral neutral years . negator positive . and the neutral that the “ neutral neutral ” negative neutral has neutral positive neutral the transphobic neutral neutral negator neutral we should negator neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral negator neutral hnegative negative neutral ru , thi neutral and neutral thi subreddit neutral negator the neutral years neutral . alot of neutral 's positive changed these neutral years . im neutral everyth changed for the hpositive , thi positive how neutral positive neutral
positive when neutral aired positive
fwiw , monica neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral cuz the intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of my favorites and neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the fawkin neutral .
jiggli positive started her neutral neutral , neutral positive negator started her positive neutral positive to negator of neutral and becaus of the “ don't neutral ” rules . her neutral neutral neutral neutral how she could neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive surgeries .
neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive to neutral neutral hormones neutral neutral to neutral ?
neutral neutral negator shit neutral anetra ? neutral neutral neutral disliked the neutral diminisher of her fans diminished sasha neutral neutral she neutral negator “ neutral ” neutral neutral sasha neutral negator “ neutral ” the positive positive anetra neutral . if anyth , my neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral dismissing the neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral sasha neutral positive . anetra positive neutral neutral superstar . *all* of the finalists would neutral hpositive winners . neutral hpositive neutral sasha neutral hpositive and she neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral positive neutral uses thi positive to neutral trans contestants to thi neutral .
neutral she positive the positive neutral and if she says negator to someth neutral positive hnegative they positive neutral against neutral . becaus negator ru they hpositive neutral negator neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral sasha *could* neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher of her positive neutral neutral from the earlier neutral of when the neutral neutral airing… hnegative neutral neutral neutral sasha competing against rolaskatox and jinkx
a'keria vs neutral vs sasha would've positive negative negative positive for positive woww
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral anetra 's neutral neutral sasha 's heels . anetra 's neutral , neutral neutral neutral she neutral walks negative neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral her moves , and neutral negator positive she hpositive to positive the rusical . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral she neutral the neutral neutral against neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and she neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral the standup positive . neutral positive neutral the tv neutral has pumped anetra neutral to hpositive her neutral intensifier positive neutral to sasha than neutral neutral . thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral the neutral from positive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral anetra positive neutral neutral neutral negative neutral stars neutral when she has neutral neutral to neutral neutral her skills intensifier . she has negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral she positive neutral positive .
meh . neutral neutral neutral luxx neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her pecs . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral for sasha . neutral neutral neutral positive positive she has neutral negotiating neutral to positive “ i'm negator neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral positive the hnegative neutral legends neutral neutral seasons . if sasha colby positive neutral to neutral neutral your neutral . sasha positive neutral to positive . ” neutral neutral they neutral neutral her to hpositive her positive hpositive . sasha neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral : positive for the neutral neutral messages . rotted !
we neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , neutral .
neutral neutral she neutral neutral positive and positive negator hnegative to neutral risks which neutral neutral positive negative from neutral intensifier of the queens with the “ neutral ” neutral . she positive neutral neutral neutral she neutral negator neutral herself negative positive
neutral neutral positive that neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral , negative of hnegative trans neutral auditioned and neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral . thi positive negator neutral neutral neutral her , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral . if “ neutral tells her negator ” held her neutral for positive years neutral neutral to neutral neutral if they neutral positive trans contestants neutral sinc positive neutral
positive . and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral that we neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral we positive years neutral .
ru neutral negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral , her neutral neutral intensifier neutral kid neutral raves neutral she rebranded neutral neutral glamazon .
neutral neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral . neutral positive hnegative to positive you positive neutral the hnegative neutral of negative neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive neutral of hnegative neutral trans women playing neutral , and neutral positive hnegative neutral my neutral beliefs becaus neutral hurts neutral neutral that positive positive intensifier persecuted . neutral we neutral neutral and neutral .
they neutral that neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral if you neutral how they treated the half&half neutral .
when neutral they neutral hpositive of " gentlemen , neutral your engines and neutral the positive neutral positive . " neutral ?
neutral neutral positive of neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral to studios , advertisers , neutral etc etc and neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . positive the neutral became positive than that… and neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral positive that , neutral if that positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral we neutral evolved to where we neutral
neutral tripped neutral thi neutral neutral neutral the logo neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral imagining things , neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ~~straight neutral disqualified and kicked hnegative becaus she neutral trans ? neutral diminisher kicked hnegative ? ~~ ( neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and the neutral she neutral neutral and neutral positive " issues " and neutral positive she positive hnegative everyon ? ) neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral of the finales dure neutral neutral neutral neutral to the 'current' seasons neutral .
neutral positive negator positive ru 's “ positive enhancing drugs ” neutral . the transphobia neutral neutral .
neutral you . neutral everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive the positive transphobia neutral neutral they positive negator hpositive neutral
neutral negator hpositive the kylie neutral neutral neutral , neutral monica seemed to neutral neutral neutral negator negative positive . neutral positive neutral diminisher confusing , becaus neutral neutral neutral jiggli neutral she neutral positive she positive to neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . **being neutral transgender neutral positive negator against the rules neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral you hpositive ? **

monica : logo neutral negator neutral . they neutral everyon . neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive positive , hpositive , neutral , and positive .
neutral kylie neutral neutral dure the neutral , neutral negator hpositive when carmen neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral monica negative she neutral trans , neutral neutral the neutral positive trans neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral restrictions neutral neutral toward trans contestants until diminisher neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive that we neutral to neutral her positive neutral neutral . neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive to neutral neutral becaus of neutral neutral for neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral ? the neutral ru and the neutral neutral neutral her transphobic comments neutral intensifier . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral that neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral her hnegative has changed . neutral neutral negator hpositive becaus neutral neutral negator hpositive her neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi ain't gonna neutral anymore and you gotta neutral positive . ‍️
ah neutral you . neutral negator intensifier positive neutral carmen hated him soo neutral intensifier neutral that neutral positive trans women neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral anyth that ru positive neutral , intensifier neutral neutral . neutral you positive to neutral neutral neutral to these things ?
hnegative , thi positive negator to neutral rupaul neutral hpositive to hpositive you positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral years neutral lmao .
neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
huh , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral !
haha neutral neutral negative , ty
negator hnegative neutral positive , neutral jiggli neutral
she could've neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc rupaul neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral hpositive anetra neutral neutral with your points . neutral would diminisher anetra neutral onto negative neutral stars neutral .
neutral . neutral neutral the neutral anetra walks neutral neutral how neutral hpositive has she positive neutral the negative .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anetra hpositive her makeover positive . neutral neutral neutral bodysuit with diminisher neutral neutral the neutral . anetra 's neutral , neutral her neutral neutral the neutral hasn't neutral positive neutral to sasha 's . neutral hpositive anetra neutral neutral becaus of her neutral neutral syncs , which positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral for her chances of negative . neutral means she neutral neutral the negative neutral intensifier and that she positive positive neutral neutral intensifier of her tricks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
>i'm hnegative neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral for sasha . the neutral neutral that could neutral happened positive if they neutral her neutral neutral neutral all-winners .
neutral sounded positive you positive neutral they bargained with her to neutral negative queens intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral neutral they neutral positive neutral that for neutral . idk if they neutral negotiated neutral for neutral negator neutral neutral stars , neutral bianca ?
neutral becaus neutral neutral , the positive hnegative and hnegative neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral trans ) neutral neutral to the finals , ru neutral interviewed and the vox neutral paraphrased " rupaul neutral neutral neutral words “ neutral , ” neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral “ neutral ” would negator neutral positive neutral transgender neutral positive neutral — negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the finals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral trans neutral the neutral — if she positive positive started gender-affirming neutral . " intensifier positive , neutral she could've auditioned earlier , would she neutral positive neutral neutral judged diminisher ? neutral , neutral intensifier of positive guys neutral athletes and neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral athletes neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier ? the neutral to hpositive neutral positive negator that hnegative .
my negative would neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral to hpositive hnegative the neutral would positive neutral the trans contestants and negator hpositive neutral them neutral neutral neutral to positive their wrongdoings . she neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative feelings neutral the neutral becaus of their transphobic views
neutral positive positive neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral feelings neutral that neutral kings ( and things ? ) neutral negator intensifier allowed . neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral of the kings neutral neutral neutral neutral you negator hnegative their positive .
neutral , michel positive positive the neutral with the neutral neutral
hpositive neutral of positive how neutral you positive neutral trans athletes ? neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral hnegative and neutral neutral neutral struggled to hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator that kennedy positive neutral neutral to neutral diminisher richard to neutral neutral . neutral .
and that neutral michel complained neutral negative neutral positive
youre neutral multiexclamation
when like… they created the positive multiquestion
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative “ neutral the positive neutral neutral positive ” replaced “ neutral the positive neutral positive ” when gotmik competed , neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative “ gentlemen ” neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral positive trans neutral the neutral of neutral ?
which positive negative cuz they positive neutral the positive positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral years multiquestion
neutral could neutral positive the positive . neutral neutral hpositive negator hpositive positive intensifier for neutral neutral that promotes neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral they positive def neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive
neutral you neutral gotmiks neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral !
for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral how negator neutral with neutral implants could neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral circa neutral 's neutral . positive hiding hnegative tits positive what wins you neutral positive ? neutral , intensifier of cis neutral queens positive hnegative neutral implants and positive neutral negator neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral she positive neutral neutral ! ) . hpositive intensifier negative , negative neutral transphobia .
jiggli neutral neutral her hpositive neutral she neutral neutral the neutral and positive to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . she neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral someth neutral the lines of " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tits " . neutral neutral neutral willam neutral that kenya neutral positive neutral hormones , neutral neutral that neutral allowed neutral that neutral becaus neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ?
y'all positive neutral folks that they neutral to neutral and positive when they neutral , you neutral to neutral them neutral infinitum . what positive neutral you negative ru to neutral neutral ?
thi positive the neutral neutral that neutral everyon neutral neutral negative . the comments relating to neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral intensifier neutral if you neutral negator wanna positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to upload the screenshots neutral could negator neutral neutral how to neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral intensifier and hnegative ! that would hpositive neutral neutral
neutral positive negative neutral that shows diminisher of the queens : neutral detox and carmen neutral neutral against ru 's statements
years ? ! neutral shit neutral positive neutral lmao
she positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral neutral !
neutral loved her gta playthru
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral negator positive !
which positive negative neutral to neutral , sasha positive the neutral neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive def neutral neutral the hnegative neutral . neutral would neutral positive positive to neutral her with neutral intensifier stacked neutral of negative queens ! and neutral neutral with you !
intensifier positive her neutral “ thi positive what neutral neutral neutral . you neutral negator gonna hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral . ” neutral negator that they neutral gonna neutral her positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral that they positive negator neutral neutral shit positive eliminating neutral neutral for the positive of neutral . neutral positive positive if anyon has thi neutral neutral positive her . neutral neutral negator neutral granting that neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral positive than what neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral hpositive to neutral trans women neutral . neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral athletes negative hpositive . neutral positive neutral hpositive that neutral intensifier of neutral performing athletes neutral negative advantages ( neutral . neutral phelps ) , neutral we neutral negator negative those neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , hpositive friendships , neutral neutral of neutral neutral , and neutral positive . neutral neutral negator positive we should neutral those opportunities neutral from trans women neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral . neutral , neutral positive negator that neutral trans women neutral neutral neutral . of neutral , the diminisher that neutral playing neutral shoved positive our throats neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral positive “ neutral ” to cis women neutral neutral than they neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral non-issue neutral to positive neutral trans neutral . if women 's neutral neutral to neutral toward trans women and cis women neutral neutral neutral , positive regulations hnegative hpositive positive neutral the neutral . neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive negative . neutral neutral neutral cis neutral neutral has played neutral neutral her neutral , to neutral diminisher neutral to my hnegative .
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive : intensifier of neutral neutral neutral advantages neutral neutral legs , negative hpositive neutral ( everyon has neutral ) neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral the neutral of trans women athletes neutral trans should neutral positive neutral of those neutral advantages and neutral could neutral intensifier to neutral neutral intensifier neutral accepting categories for negator hnegative neutral negative
popping neutral with neutral diminisher of neutral for positive multistop what would you neutral if neutral neutral you that neutral neutral intensifier athletes , from negative children neutral to the negative , neutral positive levels that intensifier neutral competing neutral using performance-enhancing neutral treatments ? that these neutral treatments neutral well-tested and neutral to neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , and neutral hpositive ? neutral intensifier of neutral athletes neutral neutral these neutral treatments and that neutral affects their neutral neutral , negative neutral , and neutral of neutral ? and that thi neutral that hundreds of thousands of athletes neutral the neutral neutral has positive prohibited neutral the neutral anti-doping neutral for neutral years neutral neutral performance-enhancing neutral ? neutral neutral you positive negator guessed , neutral neutral referring to neutral . neutral school-age levels if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral using neutral neutral spirolactone ( neutral neutral for hnegative treatments ) neutral neutral hnegative negative of hormone-modifying treatments that neutral neutral positive neutral doping neutral masking agents neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral exemptions , neutral positive negator neutral to positive trans neutral neutral neutral negator receiving neutral doses of positive neutral neutral . for neutral neutral neutral negator reached neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral non-issue , and for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral blockers , neutral neutral legit hpositive concerns for coaches / trainers to neutral , neutral positive neutral with neutral positive , they should negator neutral neutral bans from neutral . for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral case-by-case neutral , hpositive positive neutral kid with neutral neutral negator neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral kid using neutral neutral neutral ( positive lionel messi neutral ) . when discussing neutral neutral , the ncaa positive neutral multi-billion neutral neutral that employs diminisher of the positive neutral scientists neutral the neutral . neutral positive hpositive to neutral that the ncaa neutral neutral positive bodies neutral neutral intensifier hnegative and hnegative that states neutral to neutral trans neutral from playing neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus diminisher neutral neutral hnegative negator hpositive what positive neutral neutral , neutral hnegative negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral results for years to neutral scholarships to neutral neutral diminisher . neutral positive the neutral of schools to neutral neutral for the ncaa neutral , positive , u.s. neutral neutral u.s. neutral , neutral of letting neutral neutral ? the ncaa has positive released neutral neutral neutral , and neutral allows transgender athletes to neutral neutral they neutral hnegative conditions . that neutral follows the neutral neutral neutral 's policies . neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral transgender - from neutral neutral
neutral that the neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral ?
and neutral positive positive neutral moments neutral sinc
ew michel
to neutral neutral , negative neutral that positive . whether she neutral neutral hnegative of neutral becaus of the hpositive positive neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral , becaus kylie neutral the neutral neutral trans neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier they wanted to neutral “ gentlemen ” . neutral
neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral filmed with the positive racers / neutral neutral tagline neutral neutral neutral neutral non-binary contestants ( ginni neutral and bimini ) neutral aired neutral neutral neutral neutral negative of weeks positive to the neutral delays that neutral filming and neutral neutral .
neutral , intensifier that tagline seems to neutral neutral diminisher of negative neutral of when the babysteps happened .
neutral makes positive neutral they positive hpositive of gentlemen , neutral negator neutral they positive hpositive of positive women ? becaus neutral negator they neutral women when they neutral queens ? hnegative of their neutral when they neutral negator queens ?
ru says neutral the neutral neutral of the podcast that their neutral neutral neutral the neutral diminisher seasons neutral re-introducing neutral to mainstream audiences ( neutral neutral high-brow , neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral thi neutral non-sensical neutral narrow-minded neutral neutral neutral positive positive to neutral ru positive neutral neutral with the neutral neutral that neutral to hpositive the positive neutral to neutral and negative the neutral into neutral positive ( and neutral neutral , which ru explains neutral having neutral " neutral " ) .
negator , thi neutral yeeeears neutral , neutral they positive neutral neutral logo neutral . ( neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral to positive that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral )
thi neutral intensifier neutral . intensifier neutral queens neutral negator neutral neutral / negative titties these neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral them from neutral neutral neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral would neutral neutral with implants neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? positive what neutral ru neutral positive neutral that neutral multiquestion
neutral positive jiggli neutral neutral neutral hormones neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral them to the neutral intensifier she neutral neutral neutral positive positive .
they hpositive neutral that neutral we neutral negator neutral to neutral her positive . negator neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral punishing them neutral infinitum . that positive hpositive you putting words neutral their neutral .
neutral you negator positive what neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral neutral she has changed . neutral she hasn't . neutral you hpositive ru ? neutral neutral gonna negative you neutral negator . and negator neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages hpositive neutral intensifier we neutral negator positive if she has positive evolved neutral if she neutral hpositive positive to neutral with neutral . her “ hnegative ” neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the bullshit neutral neutral her neutral trans contestants . neutral we intensifier neutral and positive that she hpositive neutral neutral and her hpositive held beliefs neutral negative neutral she positive neutral for decades changed that neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral what positive intensifier hpositive positive they neutral neutral shit we should neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral . and neutral trans contestants sinc positive neutral has changed her views diminisher neutral hnegative , she has neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral to neutral transmisogynistic bullshit neutral contestants she called her “ children ” intensifier she positive negator owed positive negator neutral neutral . neutral she positive the richest neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of that neutral from neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral 's positive . she positive negator the neutral neutral positive neutral punished intensifier that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
positive ru… neutral negator neutral trans neutral neutral her hpositive neutral neutral neutral that hates everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral you to neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
the comments positive intensifier transphobic , neutral neutral neutral wanna hpositive neutral diminisher neutral neutral that neutral neutral influenced where ru neutral neutral from negative . neutral neutral neutral *huge* neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral the and neutral trans women to positive “ we neutral negator neutral queens , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . ” neutral neutral diminisher positive the trans neutral of how positive neutral positive their neutral femphobia neutral neutral the neutral to hpositive neutral neutral distancing themselv from the intensifier *reprehensible* parts of negative neutral neutral and neutral . neutral trans women from neutral spaces neutral neutral someth ru positive of neutral allyship , just… neutral neutral neutral hnegative .
positive . neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral what the neutral looks for neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral , sasha would negator neutral positive neutral and neutral would've positive hnegative critiqued for neutral negative neutral of the neutral
you positive neutral neutral they neutral her positive neutral negative . she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral . neutral she neutral negative to neutral and neutral that neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator hpositive what neutral of neutral happened . neutral hpositive seems intensifier positive neutral she neutral them intensifier than they neutral her negative how neutral applicants they hpositive to neutral . if she neutral negator neutral , thi hpositive would've positive anetra / neutral / neutral 's neutral . positive they would negator neutral “ neutral neutral ” negator having her neutral neutral to neutral with negotiating that diminisher neutral . neutral thi positive neutral negative negative .
could negator we hpositive neutral things neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral someth positive that ? neutral neutral neutral entirely… ?
yeahh thi positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral with diminisher negative . if neutral positive neutral neutral kickball neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? positive positive trans women should neutral neutral , negator questions asked . neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive ? uhhhh neutral negator . neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive positive what neutral phelps has . it'd neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into diminisher neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral olds and comparing that to neutral neutral hpositive .
>i neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral athletes negative hpositive . hpositive thi positive negator hpositive for neutral neutral neutral hpositive to weeks of hrt . if you neutral negative neutral someth positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive hnegative and neutral neutral where neutral matters positive neutral would neutral for hpositive women hnegative .
the negative of neutral neutral intensifier neutral accepting positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral women 's neutral / neutral and women 's neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier of positive afab woso / wbb competitors neutral neutral positive positive and neutral diminisher neutral neutral positive trans neutral enbi . neutral neutral neutral of them , quinn , neutral midfielder for the neutral women 's neutral neutral , positive neutral trans neutral ( and they neutral the neutral gold-medal negative trans neutral ! ) . if you positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral those neutral , you hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive phrasings positive " neutral featuring women " neutral of " women 's neutral , " neutral neutral neutral to their trans and enbi teammates .
positive , she intensifier changed the neutral .
they neutral negator neutral neutral queens , diminisher of the contestants neutral neutral neutral performers . neutral neutral for kings to neutral casted neutral
neutral you negative neutral monica beverli hills ? she hnegative onstage neutral neutral trans , neutral ru positive and positive supported her neutral that neutral . neutral seemed neutral neutral intensifier her neutral neutral than the neutral . neutral ru neutral remarks neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral behaved that neutral toward neutral neutral .
my apologies neutral neutral neutral my diminisher neutral and neutral neutral !
the neutral neutral thi neutral tabitha and positive neutral neutral of the diminisher hpositive things neutral
neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral intensifier we neutral positive negative to seasons neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral hpositive hnegative .
that positive neutral intensifier of hpositive for hpositive
neutral neutral neutral to neutral her positive for showcasing trans positive , hnegative of the reasons neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral her .
neutral neutral you would neutral . neutral neutral neutral for that negative . becaus negative and the neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral you positive intensifier to becaus that shit harms neutral negative .
thi would neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral . the hnegative positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that cis neutral positive outcompete cis women neutral neutral neutral ( positive neutral neutral / neutral neutral the outliers ) . “ men's ” neutral positive positive neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral women negator hpositive . neutral positive the neutral neutral women 's neutral neutral .
intensifier what neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral of active-duty neutral members neutral transitioned . intensifier to neutral servicemembers positive neutral neutral with their cis neutral counterparts neutral neutral years neutral hormones… neutral ftm servicemembers positive positive *ahead* of their cis neutral peers neutral hpositive neutral neutral . positive negator talks neutral transmasc athletes neutral neutral neutral . neutral ? becaus negator neutral thinks that negative afab neutral could neutral neutral with “ intensifier ” neutral . > it'd neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into diminisher neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral negative of neutral olds and comparing that to neutral neutral hpositive . thi positive neutral neutral positive , and neutral speaks to my neutral . the neutral cis male—or neutral neutral diminisher neutral cis male—cannot neutral negative positive neutral neutral neutral her neutral . you positive neutral to neutral negative positive neutral yourself to neutral neutral her neutral . and that positive neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral that neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral trans ( neutral 's positive that positive neutral *vanishingly* neutral negative of neutral for the neutral of neutral thi positive has neutral . intensifier negator , neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral negative positive neutral the neutral positive levels of neutral , and neutral neutral , negator neutral trans neutral has hpositive for the olympics positive . intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative that positive diminisher positive neutral to neutral women ( intensifier women of neutral ) with negative neutral neutral levels . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
thi positive negative neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral becaus neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive of trans rights neutral hesitations . — neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative positive . when neutral positive neutral into neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier diminisher neutral neutral affects . neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral that positive negative neutral neutral neutral .
kennedy should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral my positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral kings for neutral intensifier neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral negator what ru envisions for her neutral positive , she positive neutral that intensifier positive , she positive positive neutral hpositive with her neutral of neutral , dropped the comments neutral neutral , enhancements , positive neutral etc . neutral positive neutral neutral she positive changed her views becaus of the neutral hpositive of the neutral , neutral and viewers , neutral hnegative . which positive neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral kings positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral , they neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative ru having them neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral hnegative neutral we positive neutral !
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive they positive negator neutral positive “ neutral queens ” . what makes the differences neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
> neutral neutral negator neutral neutral behaved that neutral toward neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral the neutral that ru 's neutral opinions neutral the years neutral neutral positive neutral what positive neutral positive for the neutral . the intensifier neutral positive has neutral negative neutral neutral , the intensifier neutral positive allowed neutral neutral hpositive feelings to positive neutral . thi positive , neutral neutral , the neutral neutral neutral hnegative for tammi negative to neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral negator neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral , neutral which neutral im neutral that neutral positive neutral hnegative .
negator to hnegative for ! neutral neutral and realized , neutral , could neutral neutral neutral .
neutral would negator positive intensifier , they neutral neutral tbh
you asked , they answered .
“ we're neutral neutral you to neutral neutral neutral ! ” *upholds neutral neutral neutral norms*
your examples neutral neutral for trans athletes that neutral positive neutral hormones for to years . neutral negative positive negative neutral levels positive how neutral positive neutral . intensifier for athletes that neutral negator positive neutral hormones for to years , neutral your hnegative neutral ? and if we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral levels , positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral women and neutral neutral children that neutral disqualified .
positive neutral with you neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral that lawmakers neutral focusing neutral thi when they neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive things .
neutral neutral the neutral hnegative positive that neutral neutral reservations diminisher from negative neutral neutral , positive how neutral we negative these athletes intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral negative playing neutral with neutral neutral neutral of neutral ? neutral the hnegative hpositive neutral positive positive the bigots positive neutral the positive and neutral with neutral from thi neutral hpositive neutral , positive neutral trans neutral neutral neutral to positive the neutral and neutral wins . neutral neutral neutral humans should neutral the hpositive for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive the positive neutral to neutral that neutral becaus neutral neutral negator trans neutral negative athelete lol
neutral hpositive rewatched and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral she neutral negator , intensifier neutral neutral hnegative decisions ( neutral from luxx neutral anetra neutral the lalaparuza neutral that positive neutral neutral for neutral hpositive neutral ) neutral kennedy negator neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive rumoured that neutral positive france opened the castings for to neutral kinds of neutral performers neutral neutral neutral neutral negative becaus they negative neutral neutral hosted neutral ru to neutral the neutral neutral featuring neutral neutral neutral . years neutral neutral intensifier of neutral would neutral neutral we positive neutral negator neutral negative positive trans neutral neutral neutral cis neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral queens neutral neutral performers . negator neutral neutral performers neutral neutral queens . neutral positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral that you neutral neutral him the neutral of the positive . intensifier of folks neutral thi subreddit hpositive to negative ru . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator of thi would neutral negator him and neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral the transwomen neutral the neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral , neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative for thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral , that negator happened neutral the neutral . neutral , neutral kylie neutral positive to negative hnegative hormones neutral filming , neutral neutral neutral that positive the closest neutral ?
for intensifier multiexclamation positive how you gonna positive women neutral negator neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral positive negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral when you neutral women . intensifier neutral to neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral we neutral to neutral neutral neutral diminisher hpositive women neutral neutral hpositive hpositive we positive intensifier . neutral neutral positive positive they neutral diminisher tokenized . positive hnegative trans beauties neutral that neutral becaus neutral the intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral when they positive neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive positive “ neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral ” when trans women neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral scenes neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral you to how your questions neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral , which positive that thi neutral neutral positive bullshit .
kennedy neutral negator hpositive neutral for the neutral neutral red-head neutral negator positive . neutral neutral becaus of hnegative . the neutral wanted to neutral negative queens neutral their negative negative and red-head and kennedy positive primed neutral their neutral backgrounds to neutral edited neutral neutral neutral that neutral them neutral unaccepting of younger/newer forms of neutral that gays positive positive neutral neutral neutral , eliminating kennedy neutral positive neutral neutral neutral compared to neutral , neutral neutral and neutral fave neutral happened to neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive that with neutral negative of neutral . ilona neutral they positive neutral they could negator negative neutral their neutral becaus they positive neutral that storyline for the neutral neutral and positive their neutral neutral diminisher neutral diminisher moments of ilona negative neutral neutral ( neutral hpositive ilona positive negator the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral thi ) . neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral negative positive that neutral invested neutral the storylines playing neutral neutral hnegative franchises , neutral neutral non-ru franchises .
gotcha . neutral you
neutral . neutral davis positive negative negative neutral . she positive neutral from neutral of her shows she neutral neutral for neutral neutral her tik tok and she positive intensifier neutral . rogers neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral . the davis neutral ( neutral neutral . & neutral . ) neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral for … . neutral positive and neutral
she positive neutral , positive , hnegative , hnegative , and negative neutral positive to the negative neutral . queens positive her neutral the queens that hnegative and neutral neutral . for her , you neutral neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for negative hpositive and neutral neutral . hpositive her intensifier intensifier intensifier neutral . neutral negative intensifier queens positive her neutral my neutral !
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral of her comments neutral mimi 's instagram . she positive intensifier neutral and positive
negative neutral hpositive neutral !
she positive neutral of my negative positive queens . neutral neutral neutral hnegative from mkd neutral diminisher years neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral and she neutral intensifier neutral neutral and positive into neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral dm
she positive hpositive .
should've neutral neutral
neutral hpositive neutral davis and neutral wanted to neutral her neutral neutral for neutral stars . hpositive the rumors neutral neutral neutral neutral true…
hpositive her
neutral neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier positive my negative : ' )
she positive neutral of my negative favorites and neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral the bolb neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive bosco
neutral hpositive thi neutral and her ! neutral hpositive if the queens neutral to neutral their neutral neutral / neutral positive neutral their numbers neutral if neutral positive neutral diminisher pre-prepared when they neutral neutral ?
bosco !
neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator .
apologies for the hnegative positive , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
neutral wanna intensifier neutral her hpositive .
neutral negative
positive thi positive positive positive minutes neutral and thi diminisher neutral positive intensifier the neutral seconds of neutral . she neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
thi . that neutral the intensifier neutral , you neutral neutral becaus she neutral has the neutral neutral and she neutral neutral positive positive intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral youtube and positive my tickets neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral loved the neutral
negative neutral positive neutral to neutral your neutral for neutral ‍️
you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral youtube if you positive positive intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative
of neutral neutral neutral google intensifier neutral if thi positive the neutral of neutral gagged neutral bosco neutral positive neutral negator the positive neutral to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive wanted to neutral their neutral of neutral neutral the neutral and neutral her neutral idk neutral positive negator hnegative neutral that , neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier than what neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral .
these comments . neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator .
lol neutral neutral you neutral neutral for negator neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral for you neutral neutral ( ? )
neutral hnegative online positive negator neutral negative .
she neutral neutral positive neutral she positive neutral my favorites of neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive her ! the neutral that thi neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier upsettin' !

marcia seems intensifier positive of neutral her castmates , neutral positive intensifier neutral !
neutral to neutral marcia backs anetra . neutral neutral dreading neutral would neutral negative kameron michaels neutral . neutral neutral neutral sasha and neutral neutral neutral of the votes
hpositive would neutral her neutral positive , she seems positive neutral of the kindest members of thi neutral . the neutral and hpositive for her neutral queens' performances neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive negative neutral hpositive neutral ! and neutral neutral intensifier positive you positive to neutral neutral the neutral , haha .
she positive negative neutral neutral neutral ! positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral " positive " anetra lol .
neutral neutral hpositive for her neutral neutral negator hnegative how neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral splits to neutral hnegative neutral positive from neutral until the neutral of neutral .
ah neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral diminisher weeks and thi makes neutral intensifier negative multiexclamation
she positive my positive neutral neutral thi neutral multistop “ ow multistop ! my negative multistop ”
neutral missed neutral marcia neutral my neutral neutral her neutral . she hpositive has neutral intensifier neutral neutral her .
neutral she neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the hnegative herself of her that neutral neutral neutral backbend ? neutral neutral sinc she positive marcia marcia marcia neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral of her neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral .
marcia neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive she neutral hpositive to neutral neutral , hpositive to neutral , hpositive for the neutral , and neutral happens , happens . and neutral neutral her neutral neutral to neutral .
hnegative neutral positive to neutral her neutral the shows neutral positive intensifier hpositive intensifier neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
marcia positive intensifier hpositive and hnegative has neutral hnegative hnegative neutral neutral . she positive neutral of those queens that positive positive and positive neutral and neutral neutral stars .
she positive intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she neutral intensifier neutral neutral her neutral .
neutral neutral neutral of neutral when she neutral neutral my neutral of neutral ! neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral how neutral she positive neutral and neutral neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive thi seasons queens multiexclamation she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral that neutral neutral should positive neutral positive becaus of how positive neutral neutral - neutral neutral hpositive she positive neutral neutral neutral hahah !
hpositive neutral hnegative neutral
marcia committing to her neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral endorsing anetra
marcia positive positive hpositive neutral of neutral .
️
neutral , you neutral neutral she positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , her neutral neutral neutral negative . she neutral asked the neutral what they positive . ( for the neutral , sasha positive the neutral neutral neutral . anetra neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and diminisher anyon positive for luxx . ) positive she neutral someth positive , “ neutral gotta neutral positive guys , neutral neutral anetra deserves neutral . she neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral and to neutral neutral the neutral she neutral ? ” of neutral neutral positive my neutral hnegative lol . neutral neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral . marcia knows she would neutral positive intensifier anyon neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral that lipsync , and she neutral negator neutral neutral grudges .
what neutral the kameron michaels neutral ? positive neutral neutral positive
marcia positive negative neutral neutral ! neutral positive positive neutral her neutral her neutral endeavors . and neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral negator negative and hpositive you positive negator neutral neutral .
lolol she neutral negator positive neutral neutral to positive for anetra , neutral neutral neutral implied lol . negator , the neutral asked her neutral she wanted to positive . she started neutral crowdsourcing and asking neutral neutral we positive . sinc sasha positive the neutral neutral , neutral positive she positive neutral neutral and neutral with the neutral . neutral she neutral anetra and neutral neutral neutral my shit haha . neutral you could neutral she wanted to neutral hpositive and negator positive what she intensifier positive , and neutral neutral her intensifier neutral for neutral her positive hnegative .
neutral would neutral the hardest neutral would neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral crabwalk neutral she neutral , neutral she intensifier committed and neutral neutral .
thi positive how neutral positive neutral anetra . hpositive neutral diminisher ducks and neutral your knees . and that neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ouch . marcia 's neutral positive neutral to negative her . neutral neutral negator hpositive how neutral of them neutral thi , and neutral intensifier neutral negator hpositive how they neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral hnegative and negative neutral neutral . neutral hpositive adds to the neutral neutral neutral neutral for them neutral .
ahhhhh . neutral hnegative to neutral neutral hpositive how neutral neutral . she neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the neutral positive neutral !
neutral positive someth neutral of neutral
neutral intensifier intensifier neutral .
hpositive she positive neutral to neutral those fans positive when they positive diminisher shit neutral of neutral .
neutral 's neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that lol
neutral , marcia , anetra , and neutral ( neutral negator neutral ? neutral neutral negator hnegative how that neutral lol ) positive intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral multiexclamation
you could neutral neutral they positive diminisher neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral she mentioned someth neutral neutral neutral whatcha packing . intensifier they neutral neutral hpositive friends neutral neutral , which positive neutral positive to neutral . and she positive neutral that anetra neutral the neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral with neutral neutral positive sasha which positive intensifier negative for neutral neutral has neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
theyr neutral referring to the neutral wherein negator neutral among her castmates neutral her to win… wherea neutral , asia , and neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral from
idk if thi positive positive multistop neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral **too** neutral ? positive negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive positive hnegative valley-esque ? neutral neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive cuter negative
neutral positive neutral neutral lol . neutral positive positive where neutral & neutral neutral neutral their neutral . neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral lol .
neutral instagram says “ neutral / him ” positive hpositive and “ neutral ” positive negative
that neutral intensifier shitty . my negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . kameron neutral intensifier neutral , negative negative neutral lipsync neutral . if neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral and neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral kameron neutral my neutral to positive .
that neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral , neutral hpositive kameron
neutral looks positive she neutral manufactured neutral the positive neutral neutral .
that makes positive . neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative , neutral that makes neutral positive . neutral neutral positive hpositive discussing neutral with my bf , and neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral lol . and neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral 's neutral to neutral 's .
neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hnegative equals positive neutral negator negative , and neutral positive neutral that hnegative hnegative and the neutral the viewers neutral with negative and 'drama' neutral held her neutral becaus they neutral she hpositive 'doesn't deliver' .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the editors to negative neutral neutral to kameron dure thi positive when queens positive neutral their picks to positive
positive ! neutral positive positive , when neutral neutral neutral positive perceived neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral speaks neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that hnegative positive neutral mean-spirited neutral negative neutral unconfid .
positive neutral neutral neutral queens for that neutral ? idk neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral of them ( neutral , kornbread , and from the uk neutral neutral and neutral neutral ) ?
rpdr neutral stars , “ intensifier hpositive neutral hurts ”
océane aqua-black !
neutral if willam neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral deja and jorgeous neutral thi becaus they positive eliminated positive to the hnegative of negator having neutral episodes neutral
neutral neutral neutral ( non-elimination ? ) neutral of neutral outs would neutral intensifier positive , intensifier they positive neutral their neutral to positive ( and we positive neutral how they neutral improved their neutral )
intensifier neutral neutral of , positive , contestants ?
my ankhol
charli neutral 's positive ribs positive hpositive
neutral negative if we neutral negative hnegative positive neutral cucu herself ?
ahh you neutral neutral . neutral positive that neutral positive intensifier negative
makes positive .
neutral neutral cucu neutral neutral positive to her positive ? neutral positive she neutral eliminated neutral and neutral , positive diagnosed neutral .
neutral shit neutral neutral neutral positive neutral lol , neutral that positive neutral negator neutral neutral for negative neutral neutral , unless they hpositive neutral into neutral neutral " neutral " neutral neutral hpositive neutral diminisher neutral outs ?
tbf , sounds shit neutral neutral .
yup neutral diminisher neutral intensifier of hpositive negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral
neutral neutral charli hides and neutral hnegative neutral / positive ribs / diarrhoea neutral ? !
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral walks into the werkroom and neutral for neutral positive neutral , whips neutral neutral neutral for neutral diminisher neutral sesh .
neutral neutral that to neutral . positive that simpático .
neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral myself
straight…
neutral hpositive noticed she positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral she / her neutral positive
she positive negative neutral !

multistop neutral !
neutral neutral ri dissasociating neutral they neutral arguing would neutral how neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive her for that .
“ neutral neutral you neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral ”
joey neutral neutral neutral meee
joey 's “ what neutral you neutral neutral neutral , girl… ”
the neutral ups neutral lala ri neutral neutral hnegative
what neutral wanna hpositive positive neutral neutral lala neutral neutral neutral ?
thi positive the closest hnegative to neutral illusions neutral neutral and positive we neutral for neutral
funniest neutral neutral thi neutral tamisha intensifier neutral neutral molotov neutral neutral neutral seemed positive negator neutral hpositive when the girls neutral " neutral you " intensifier she neutral neutral neutral .
neutral from to neutral positive seconds
neutral dissociating and positive hnegative into neutral amidst neutral neutral of negative positive intensifier relat
neutral neutral tamisha neutral to neutral that ponzi positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral loved her intensifier neutral lol
neutral positive enjoyed rewatching thi
rosé neutral to neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral ends hpositive neutral nah neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral positive thi , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral my neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral denali neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral she negator negative becaus of that neutral neutral her neutral neutral positive homegirl laughed multistop
neutral negator neutral hnegative that the neutral hpositive neutral positive thi lmao ! " you guys neutral neutral neutral neutral " - - she hpositive neutral - - neutral hpositive neutral "
neutral enjoyed thi with negator neutral neutral
thi neutral positive negative neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral neutral thi neutral the negative positive neutral
hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral girls neutral neutral for the neutral neutral negative and negative neutral : the replies neutral hnegative neutral hpositive to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral hpositive hpositive could negator neutral their neutral neutral . neutral neutral could neutral neutral with neutral someth positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral
that neutral " neutral my neutral . " from elliot with neutral neutral 's unlocks my neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral when thi neutral aired . whether you positive that kandy neutral hnegative to neutral that queens neutral the negative neutral negator neutral neutral positive ( ironic positive she neutral neutral the negative the intensifier neutral neutral ) and to positive that she neutral neutral to " neutral hnegative " if she neutral negator neutral , neutral if you positive that tamisha neutral hnegative to positive she neutral negator positive diminisher of the queens neutral to neutral ( " antagonise " ) kandy neutral she neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive negative positive . neutral , kandy neutral neutral to neutral herself from neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral someth she would hnegative , neutral her neutral that tamisha neutral negator neutral neutral positive becaus she placed neutral the negative neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral , tamisha neutral the neutral to positive that she neutral negator positive queens neutral neutral of negator , and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral kandy .
thi neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral positive neutral the contestants neutral the neutral when neutral says someth neutral to neutral you neutral . of neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral of neutral tv neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral if neutral neutral positive negator neutral for neutral they negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative artist….well neutral positive positive hnegative if they neutral the neutral lmao .
the off-center positive neutral neutral of cats editing lol
joey neutral positive neutral vibe
neutral positive everyon neutral the neutral of aja positive thi ?
thi neutral positive neutral neutral negative if “ hpositive ” positive neutral intensifier neutral anymore
where positive utica ? !
" you negative , you positive neutral neutral , you negative neutral neutral ? " " you neutral . " oop !
neutral neutral positive when the neutral positive positive positive 's positive and positive neutral positive when the girls neutral their moments positive hpositive neutral hpositive positive
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral started and neutral hnegative and the neutral with monet . negative multistop intensifier juicyyyyy multistop neutral and alabamastar neutral positive neutral multiexclamation the neutral neutral of positive negative . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive that neutral neutral thru neutral of that
thi positive neutral
neutral the neutral girls from the neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier positive hpositive toward the “ porkchop ” girls….tamisha neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral im neutral neutral neutral them know….team tamisha multiexclamation
tamisha positive neutral mini neutral toward the neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral tamisha neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral intensifier of negative for neutral neutral chased neutral of the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral diminisher kandy neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral multistop she intensifier could negator neutral things neutral . intensifier overreacted to what tamisha neutral .
the lalari neutral
***you neutral negator hpositive neutral from neutral neutral neutral the wall***
kandi positive hpositive and her neutral of neutral girls hpositive hnegative that hpositive .
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive joey neutral thi neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral queens intensifier neutral and cunty ? intensifier of hpositive neutral positive positive neutral has negative hnegative and these ppl neutral everyth neutral and negative neutral the neutral and neutral to conclusions and neutral things neutral lol . that neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral of hpositive . the neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral thinks anyth of her should neutral her neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral and thi positive how the neutral neutral neutral . if the neutral neutral gets neutral everytime , neutral would negative to positive anyth neutral neutral her ? ! lol
“ neutral her neutral ”
neutral hpositive negative gottmik “ tamisha neutral her neutral ” neutral
kandi neutral neutral neutral neutral grindr neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive “ nah , neutral . you neutral negative neutral . ” she negative neutral .
the neutral tamisha neutral neutral of thi that neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral
diminisher neutral , diminisher neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral thi neutral my friends to gwt their neutral
neutral neutral negator gonna neutral negative neutral bitches , diminisher neutral
neutral neutral what neutral neutral
xd diminisher of the girls negator hpositive neutral thi neutral thinks they neutral negator neutral hpositive . that positive becaus negator neutral calls them neutral , and when neutral neutral they positive intensifier attacked ! intensifier positive negator ones gonna neutral them neutral if they neutral reacting aggresively .
neutral positive what joey neutral
joey neutral intensifier " neutral neutral the fishnets and they positive ripped " dure thi neutral .
neutral neutral , thi neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
diminisher neutral !
neutral neutral ri neutral positive
'i'm neutral the bottom'
omg and positive utica neutral the neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral to hpositive reattach those neutral neutral bags
" i'm neutral the negative ! " positive neutral neutral neutral with " can't we hpositive neutral neutral our feelings positive neutral neutral ? ! " for my neutral neutral positive reactions to hnegative fights .
the neutral positive neutral !
she asked for neutral
neutral positive she positive neutral neutral for joey lmao
neutral to myself neutral neutral
she neutral intensifier neutral for neutral her
they intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . intensifier hpositive
neutral positive her hiding neutral the neutral cushions .
‘oh shit … neutral tamisha neutral … neutral positive y'all'
she neutral neutral to hpositive herself neutral positive to neutral intensifier she could lipsink neutral disassociating intensifier hnegative lol
neutral intensifier , intensifier neutral hnegative to neutral neutral unhinged neutral neutral neutral to neutral . neutral diminisher neutral neutral to neutral neutral becaus neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative . neutral neutral the neutral !
neutral neutral we positive thi neutral neutral neutral
thi neutral her neutral , she neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier that they would neutral her and neutral neutral
neutral lol . neutral neutral she neutral someth positive that she feeds neutral negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral thi positive what she neutral neutral for
neutral
neutral negative
intensifier neutral neutral with thi neutral . neutral .
neutral and gentlemen , positive to the neutral : neutral ni\~
she intensifier fumbled intensifier neutral hpositive positive , neutral positive positive the fans adored her until her diminisher antics popped hnegative
positive multiexclamation positive whyyyy multiquestion positive negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral my tamisha iman slides rn that neutral positive positive weeks neutral ordering . idk where things neutral hnegative neutral fuck , neutral loved her . if neutral she positive neutral neutral to neutral username her merch sales… multistop
we wanted her to neutral everyth sasha colby positive neutral neutral neutral .
positive the tamisha iman neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral negative ! neutral positive negative how neutral neutral positive neutral tamisha 's neutral when thi aired neutral kandy looks justified neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
tina neutral
richard simmons
ronald mcdonald
neutral norton 's neutral
negative , the neutral you hpositive neutral her neutral
lmao intensifier . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral years , creating neutral negative neutral for yourself neutral positive neutral nightlife , auditioning for neutral positive for years and you neutral neutral neutral and positive intensifier diminisher neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral neutral reddit calls you " the neutral neutral negative and negative "
neutral from years neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive that negator neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral . the girls neutral positive hnegative , neutral positive erupted and we positive thi hpositive for neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral youtube , neutral positive diminisher cringy neutral comments neutral how tamisha positive neutral her positive , how her neutral indicates she positive negative to neutral and how if neutral looks neutral you positive that you hpositive neutral neutral . positive what ?
> tamisha neutral the neutral to positive that she neutral negator positive queens neutral neutral of negator she wanted to neutral hpositive from negative to and neutral neutral for her
if neutral positive neutral diminisher hnegative shit neutral neutral to my neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral them to neutral the fuck neutral neutral the intensifier neutral .
neutral , they neutral neutral neutral hot-headed , negative underperformer neutral until neutral negative neutral to the finals , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative !
positive , neutral neutral with you . neutral would neutral / tatianna my neutral to the neutral where neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the queens positive positive my neutral neutral neutral and negative shit of everyon neutral the neutral .
hahahahahahah
neutral if tamisha neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive that neutral of negator , neutral would positive to neutral hpositive
to neutral neutral , tamisha positive started neutral
neutral neutral lala and neutral to neutral neutral of the neutral of neutral .
her and denali positive vibing neutral the neutral neutral the girls neutral the neutral positive neutral their lives
she neutral negator negative neutral neutral , neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral questions you neutral negator negative to neutral the answers to
neutral positive intensifier neutral than the neutral of my hpositive
that positive neutral positive , tho…when could tamisha iman , of tamisha iman neutral neutral , neutral ?
intensifier you would've neutral neutral hpositive neutral her neutral ? “ neutral neutral negator positive you and neutral neutral you neutral hpositive neutral you neutral neutral ” positive neutral back-handed positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral positive negator for you

they neutral positive she positive “ negative neutral ” neutral neutral neutral negative . kornbread describes neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
“ neutral 's neutral intensifier of neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator -
she died neutral neutral
she neutral neutral neutral her emotions positive neutral neutral lynn hytes
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral of neutral , negator the " neutral neutral your neutral positive intensifier negative and you neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral multistop " . negative negator .
neutral when fans neutral negator neutral neutral threats and hnegative hnegative comments to the queens… hpositive neutral
neutral neutral our neutral and we positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral would neutral positive positive , neutral diminisher negative neutral of hnegative neutral
negator autocorrect neutral her into neutral neutral im negative and neutral
neutral neutral for uk
neutral
neutral intensifier negator neutral negative for neutral
hpositive lol . she hpositive could've positive negative and positive the neutral 's positive neutral favourite neutral yikes , that merch hnegative and her fall-out with negative multistop
neutral hpositive sasha " dumbledor " colby , neutral she positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive vibe to tamisha " neutral neutral what neutral neutral " iman
she wishes . tamisha negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral sasha neutral her years of neutral neutral . her neutral neutral tandi neutral intensifier neutral than she neutral neutral .
she neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral neutral " hpositive " and negative threatened negative neutral neutral she positive justified ? hnegative neutral .
ah positive , neutral you .
the smokiest neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral hpositive her , neutral neutral mean…tamisha *did* neutral it…
hpositive , negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral .
she neutral def neutral hnegative she wants neutral neutral positive neutral how the neutral of aja neutral verrrrry positive personalities . you neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral popped hnegative neutral tamisha for that bs . you negator hpositive neutral positive " you're hpositive and neutral neutral negator positive you " and neutral positive and hpositive .
lmao
what neutral you neutral when . you hpositive neutral neutral . ms neutral tucked neutral and neutral . tamisha , of the tamisha iman neutral , neutral her for neutral and neutral her neutral . neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral . if tamisha makes hpositive neutral of you , well… . ‍️
neutral would neutral neutral tamisha " your hpositive neutral positive neutral , your neutral positive positive and your neutral positive neutral neutral you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral minutes , " positive neutral hnegative .
that would neutral neutral neutral for years neutral neutral neutral multistop , ,
lmao thi neutral positive negative neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral dure that neutral !
neutral neutral jim halpert positive .
neutral ri
neutral intensifier negative neutral you for thi
that neutral negator neutral of the neutral she neutral to neutral
neutral , neutral positive intensifier hpositive tamisha neutral neutral to neutral neutral someth neutral intensifier that they could neutral her from the negative neutral neutral neutral neutral her positive
idk neutral thi shit neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . intensifier neutral you .
neutral she neutral neutral thi neutral neutral if kandy 's neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative neutral would negator of happened neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral she prefaced that with neutral everyon neutral hpositive neutral , hpositive positive when luxx called loosey neutral neutral neutral negative becaus she started with neutral she neutral hpositive neutral / neutral
negator neutral neutral , when could tamisha iman , of tamisha iman neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive with those thirsty-ass wigs , hnegative garments and hnegative neutral ?
neutral tbh
*** " negator hpositive neutral positive neutral positive gonna neutral neutral the negative for thi neutral " *** neutral the neutral to yvie neutral positive neutral positive sentences hahahaha . " ***let 's neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to hpositive and beans " *** lives neutral my neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative for neutral
thi neutral autocorrected neutral positive neutral to neutral my neutral neutral *why papa*
neutral mean… tamisha neutral positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral negator she neutral negative negative , negative , and neutral becaus of her neutral ?
idk if *horrible* positive the neutral neutral . intensifier positive *iconic* to neutral
intensifier positive *desperate*
prefacing thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive kandy , neutral her positive neutral positive neutral haha that positive neutral we hpositive her
how neutral she neutral neutral thi hpositive . intensifier hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral her neutral to neutral . how neutral the positive ?
neutral hpositive sasha 's hnegative neutral neutral makeup , neutral she looks intensifier hpositive neutral bronzey neutral tones . the hpositive !
negative . intensifier negative multiexclamation
if neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral
she positive intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
neutral anyon hpositive where she positive neutral neutral ?
intensifier that positive neutral intensifier hpositive kda
r/accidentalrenaissance
hnegative . neutral neutral to videos you neutral neutral . she promised to neutral hpositive neutral negative and positive hpositive neutral hnegative , and neutral , she delivered !
she positive neutral neutral neutral ri neutral neutral
neutral . makes neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral of those cities neutral for neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral feelings positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral with hpositive stakes , queens neutral neutral with hpositive purposes , and neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . diminisher neutral intensifier of the runways that neutral neutral neutral seasons would neutral positive low-effort negative neutral . and the “ positive ” of neutral bitchy neutral confrontational from neutral seasons would negator neutral these neutral . intensifier neutral positive negator intensifier neutral to positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral better/worse with negative positive hpositive environments . neutral challenges could neutral tripped neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral , intensifier neutral diminisher variables and neutral bets neutral hnegative .
neutral positive positive neutral and neutral ( neutral positive negative ups neutral their neutral neutral ) could neutral neutral neutral newer neutral neutral negator neutral and jinkx neutral competitors
intensifier neutral positive positive *not* the olympics of neutral , neutral someth neutral has neutral neutral with neutral neutral that negative positive that things neutral improved positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral cases , the neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral neutral hpositive for the olympics neutral the neutral positive has neutral neutral neutral timescale , neutral the neutral neutral applies , intensifier neutral the neutral : neutral with meh runways would neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral performers neutral the earliest seasons . we neutral neutral *that* neutral . neutral , neutral c+ neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral competed for neutral positive neutral the neutral that neutral of neutral . and becaus performances neutral improved intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral of neutral to hpositive them . positive , neutral , the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and has positive the neutral neutral of their neutral neutral preparing for thi intensifier neutral positive gonna neutral hpositive than the contestants neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for how neutral queens would neutral neutral neutral tv . neutral positive negator negative positive neutral . neutral intensifier positive negative : neutral survives neutral , has hnegative neutral hurdles : * shakesqueers : neutral hnegative hpositive actors hpositive neutral neutral positive * the despy awards : how 's your neutral positive ? * ru neutral stories : hpositive the neutral neutral delivering neutral neutral neutral ( intensifier michel neutral ! ) * neutral queens : neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral * neutral positive : neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral neutral booboo * neutral queens : negative neutral duets where neutral negator neutral you neutral anybodi neutral * and the neutral positive neutral : neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral hiding neutral the neutral intensifier . neutral survives ? neutral 's negative neutral the neutral neutral of * daya betti positive neutral to the neutral negator questions asked . * neutral positive hnegative neutral with ru neutral stories , neutral *probably* makes neutral neutral thi neutral . * if neutral camden neutral hpositive neutral neutral ru neutral stories ( neutral : " positive ! negator , positive ! **even bigger** ! " , she has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral . * if angeria neutral hpositive neutral neutral shakesqueers , she positive positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral queens . if she survives that , she positive neutral to the neutral . * bosco 's gonna neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral queens and positive hnegative . negator neutral she makes neutral neutral . * jorgeous positive neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral she *gets* to neutral queens , and neutral that neutral the neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral her favour . * and neutral positive positive positive deja skye has intensifier hpositive neutral of neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral that positive where her neutral ends . to negative neutral neutral diminisher intensifier finalists : * neutral neutral neutral ! * gottmik has neutral intensifier neutral neutral ( ru neutral stories positive neutral diminisher hnegative , neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral her diminisher negative ) , and positive neutral queens sends her neutral neutral the neutral . * kandy neutral powerhouses her neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral from neutral positive neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral until neutral sends her neutral . * neutral methyd has neutral neutral neutral , neutral from neutral queens neutral neutral positive neutral fuckin' neutral neutral neutral neutral , om nom nom . * gigi goode bodies positive neutral positive . * neutral shakesqueers , ru neutral stories and neutral positive , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral to the neutral . * if a'keria survives shakesqueers , she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral . * positive gets neutral one-two neutral dure those back-to-back neutral challenges . ( negative positive for neutral stories , positive neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral her neutral neutral . ) if she survives , we positive neutral to neutral how she neutral neutral the neutral , neutral her neutral neutral positive okay . and , neutral , diminisher winners : * neutral hnegative neutral with ru neutral stories , neutral neutral that she positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . * symone neutral from neutral to negative . * jaida positive neutral gets fucked neutral neutral those neutral neutral challenges , and neutral gets neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . the neutral neutral negator neutral her favour . * if yvie makes neutral neutral shakesqueers , neutral positive negator neutral her . * neutral 's neutral the neutral positive of neutral neutral neutral jaida . * we positive neutral to neutral how sasha neutral neutral neutral queens , neutral neutral that she positive intensifier stacked . * and neutral for roberta , she positive gonna neutral the neutral neutral neutral to the neutral , when things neutral dicey . ( neutral neutral positive neutral her neutral neutral neutral the negative , intensifier multistop neutral ! )
positive neutral of the neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive . neutral could intensifier neutral luxx neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral ru . hnegative , neutral neutral has transformed intensifier neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral sensic to hpositive them . positive bebe would negator neutral positive the bebe we neutral if she neutral neutral neutral and started neutral neutral . queens neutral positive could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral wayyyyy diminisher .
neutral davis would neutral neutral neutral and the neutral could neutral neutral neutral newer neutral
sasha positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier negator positive she would hnegative neutral neutral positive
hmm luxx neutral neutral would neutral positive ( neutral the neutral ) multistop and neutral multistop neutral would neutral that ! omg neutral luxx and neutral would neutral hnegative xd
hnegative .
she has struggled with hpositive issues for diminisher neutral neutral .
negator neutral positive she neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive positive negator neutral positive for everyon . she neutral neutral neutral for and positive neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral failed the hpositive evaluations neutral hpositive and they hpositive positive her hnegative neutral diminisher . neutral positive hnegative for stacey neutral neutral negator hpositive what the neutral neutral neutral for her multistop
hpositive becaus you positive neutral neutral positive neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative for stacey . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral bars neutral where she lives sinc neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral her neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral of neutral . negative should hpositive her neutral neutral / neutral her neutral neutral neutral their youtube neutral neutral neutral the neutral to hpositive her .
neutral positive thi neutral neutral staci the neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive that neutral my neutral
negator to neutral hnegative neutral negative , neutral has she shared what hpositive problems she positive positive neutral ?
neutral dang that positive intensifier hnegative
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral that , she hpositive neutral of neutral hnegative and positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral diminisher posts where neutral neutral she scammed them , neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive what positive neutral neutral
op intensifier neutral her neutral neutral , where positive the negative ?
hpositive multistop the neutral you neutral your neutral neutral intensifier judgemental . and neutral you neutral positive " omg neutral neutral negator hpositive that . " hpositive negative that slm positive hpositive neutral and neutral to neutral neutral diminisher neutral ?
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral tries to neutral her neutral outs , neutral neutral thi neutral diminisher everyon has neutral to neutral her neutral outs , heck neutral neutral neutral negative neutral her neutral neutral her positive neutral app neutral , insisting they neutral stacey .
neutral cackled .
neutral has positive positive neutral that positive intensifier neutral of her and hpositive intensifier shitty for stacey , neutral neutral neutral neutral negative comments neutral her posts neutral she scammed neutral neutral idk what positive hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral : neutral
neutral hpositive neutral hnegative how anetra positive neutral records with likes and views neutral instagram and youtube , when she neutral competing with neutral poopy for the neutral neutral of neutral neutral posts
my favourite neutral neutral anetra 's neutral neutral positive the diminisher neutral of neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive reminds her she positive ( neutral ) positive obligated to neutral neutral neutral
trixi neutral neutral neutral voted to positive positive neutral negative when neutral happens
neutral neutral sasha . hpositive wanted to positive neutral sinc neutral positive negative
negator the jumpscare neutral the neutral
neutral these queens competing against eachother neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive mama , neutral neutral you neutral would positive ?
anetra intensifier pulled neutral with the likes , neutral sasha neutral neutral and neutral the neutral negative of neutral .
neutral negator hpositive yvie neutral the neutral fave positive multiexclamation
neutral neutral ?
my neutral favourite has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral ) for neutral neutral and neutral neutral ( neutral ) for neutral stars . if sasha wins that'll neutral negative favourite negative .
gotmik neutral the positive multiquestion intensifier neutral negator neutral that .
gotmik neutral the positive multiquestion intensifier neutral negator neutral that .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative diminisher votes ?
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral negative to the hnegative seasons and neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral diminisher neutral using instagram neutral , which neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral .
thi positive negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral surprised to neutral neutral neutral thi lineup , positive that jaida neutral negative negative neutral and that gigi neutral intensifier neutral challenges . hpositive for her !
ugh , thi reminds neutral of neutral 's hpositive neutral neutral
to thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive bianca 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral referencing neutral neutral ( positive thi neutral negative editing hnegative neutral ? multistop )
what positive sasha 's instagram neutral positive neutral neutral ? instagram neutral negator neutral positive counts for neutral .
neutral positive positive what they negative to neutral their neutral and positive . neutral positive negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral . negator neutral that positive neutral anyon neutral . neutral , neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral !
intensifier what positive the positive of neutral neutral if you neutral the positive to positive ( neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral to neutral neutral neutral .
rupaul 's neutral stars neutral positive
neutral neutral plsssss
neutral ? intensifier multiquestion
neutral positive sasha 's neutral to hnegative yall and has positive neutral neutral
neutral hpositive sasha , neutral tbh , neutral feelings positive neutral and hardcore neutral fans neutral positive the neutral for sasha to positive hpositive becaus of her pre-drag positive neutral and achievements . neutral shows with anetra neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral feelings positive she neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral with her neutral positive neutral . neutral that hpositive my hnegative , negator negative to sasha if she wins neutral .
gotmik neutral the neutral 's positive and neutral wrigging the neutral neutral for her to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral with neutral . neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral anymore .
negative to neutral neutral the neutral neutral negator positive neutral anymore positive negative
okay , neutral , neutral we negator neutral to negative neutral how thi hpositive proves that neutral the hnegative neutral we neutral neutral positive to hnegative ? neutral negative positive the neutral votes sinc neutral stars to which neutral intensifier years neutral when thi neutral neutral neutral logo neutral . and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , positive and neutral .
how neutral the neutral neutral trixi the positive to positive neutral stars positive neutral if you positive trixi that makes negator positive , neutral would neutral positive positive ellie neutral to positive uk
eew . neutral neutral ? hpositive her neutral neutral ging and negative positive neutral hpositive positive neutral their seasons
thi bodes neutral for my anetra negative neutral , neutral neutral of the hnegative queens neutral thi neutral neutral positive positive their seasons
neutral neutral neutral thi hpositive feelings neutral
that neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative . she positive adored and her hpositive neutral skills neutral hpositive
negator neutral poopy
she intensifier positive that hnegative
she positive cultivating positive . hnegative her neutral the neutral ( neutral neutral neutral stars )
negative she neutral crystals likes !
her stories neutral intensifier positive from what neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral cities chanted neutral neutral sasha
positive thi subreddit would neutral neutral positive neutral if anetra neutral
tbh that positive neutral positive to the neutral neutral . trixi positive negative hpositive neutral and intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral intensifier of neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral how neutral queens neutral to neutral negative for decisions intensifier neutral of their neutral .
positive to positive neutral neutral neutral shangela neutral eliminated lol
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral the neutral . neutral has the neutral neutral neutral
neutral you ! neutral could negator hpositive neutral when neutral neutral scrolling instagram
jinkx cakewalks and the others neutral for neutral : neutral neutral negator neutral bianca neutral positive neutral her with hpositive of overtaking jinkx intensifier everybodi neutral positive hnegative
bobs negator neutral neutral she positive def neutral neutral
hpositive neutral the neutral neutral , the neutral neutral to her neutral intensifier neutral that they positive to neutral neutral to positive louder for the others intensifier they could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral . yvie neutral adored
she intensifier neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral would neutral neutral lol
negator hnegative if you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive , intensifier compared to negative and neutral . neutral positive kim positive neutral positive the neutral votes for her neutral .
the neutral managed to neutral neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative neutral negative and red-head neutral the neutral . neutral of the neutral neutral things with and neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral regarded neutral the hnegative neutral for diminisher neutral neutral
negative and red-head positive negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral becaus the neutral neutral hpositive intensifier with her and neutral neutral she seemed neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral positive negative and red-head neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral negative and neutral compared .
the neutral of positive if neutral neutral positive . ru should neutral neutral neutral with the implied neutral neutral neutral involving katya .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive and negative . if katya neutral negative negative she neutral would neutral neutral neutral of neutral , she neutral the hpositive favourite when neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative , she has neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive her . neutral neutral rooting for her to positive neutral the neutral
that positive the neutral neutral neutral @ neutral
neutral loved neutral lol
she positive negator neutral neutral to the neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral seasons neutral my faves neutral neutral from neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral when ra'jah neutral negator positive thi neutral positive hnegative neutral neutral hpositive anetra and sasha intensifier neutral . neutral neutral anetra would intensifier neutral to neutral neutral someth negative to positive neutral and neutral positive neutral surprised if sasha hasn't planned someth negative herself .
the fans neutral negator neutral neutral neutral gotmik until neutral their positive hnegative the neutral .
positive having neutral neutral neutral neutral could neutral undermined the numbers of positive ?
neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral episodes neutral neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral with the neutral
neutral positive neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral of the neutral liked neutral posts from neutral neutral neutral the seasons
gigi neutral intensifier neutral of positive with neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral becaus she neutral that she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and neutral intensifier of neutral disliked that . neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral and jaida positive to thi , neutral neutral neutral diminisher challenges than jaida and the lsftc neutral jaida 's to positive
neutral someth neutral to neutral .
if anyth , neutral neutral neutral shows how neutral neutral positive that fans positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral has positive intensifier neutral negative the ‘underdog' neutral . neutral would negator positive sasha has positive pushed neutral of receiving the negative hpositive for neutral neutral neutral neutral she has neutral thi neutral .
sasha neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral neutral to her
neutral neutral intensifier neutral fans intensifier neutral to neutral sasha 's neutral becaus of her neutral neutral ? she neutral negative and although to of her wins positive hpositive , she neutral could've ( and should've tbh ) neutral diminisher hnegative challenges positive the neutral groups neutral . sasha neutral neutral negative negative neutral and although anetra and neutral neutral my favourites of the neutral , sasha deserves neutral the neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral hpositive hnegative neutral
neutral should neutral diminisher hpositive that neutral the frontrunners neutral hnegative to neutral to neutral the neutral , sasha hpositive makes neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral the neutral anetra for negative neutral stars neutral . neutral she helped to neutral neutral views , neutral she positive hpositive for viewing and subscriptions neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral stars neutral
neutral that positive neutral and editing multistop neutral ? neutral ? multistop
neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral and hpositive neutral hnegative . neutral negator intensifier neutral myself to neutral neutral anyon intensifier . neutral neutral the positive , neutral meh .
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral than instagram . neutral has neutral of the neutral liked neutral posts neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral imdb has to of the neutral negative negative episodes neutral , and has the negative negative episodes of neutral neutral sinc neutral intensifier negator intensifier . neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral intensifier loved than neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral into unnnnhh . she neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral , hpositive helps positive hpositive contests
neutral negator hnegative her fans
mama neutral you neutral neutral neutral stars multiquestion she neutral *literally* neutral the negative for neutral the neutral and neutral positive neutral challenges neutral you negative multiquestion neutral neutral you hpositive repeating " neutral neutral robbed " for negator neutral multiquestion
tyra neutral neutral negator neutral neutral her negative . neutral neutral the neutral that " tyra neutral shitty to the hnegative queens " neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative , intensifier to mystique and tatianna .
neutral negative neutral jaida and gigi positive intensifier negative hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral has wins neutral neutral stars negator neutral and has positive neutral the negative neutral hpositive , if anyon neutral robbed that neutral , neutral neutral shannel
neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral , tyra sanchez neutral neutral to neutral and sqaure ( positive the neutral wins , positive runways - slayed the neutral ) . neutral negative hnegative , negative positive neutral neutral neutral neutral stars neutral and neutral ( positive the neutral wins , neutral runways ) . neutral positive neutral wins , and positive neutral bottoms neutral neutral stars , she neutral negator neutral to positive and should negator neutral . she neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral . jaida positive neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral and neutral neutral neutral , hpositive and positive . the positive of hpositive . hpositive neutral neutral shes negative negative neutral and should positive neutral stars neutral neutral .
neutral fans neutral negative and if anyon shouldve neutral neutral jaida neutral neutral gigi .
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hpositive . neutral neutral her intensifier positive , hpositive and positive than the winners of her seasons . and neutral neutral jaida & gigi neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's looks and neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive than the hnegative her neutral and neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . and she seemed positive neutral positive and positive neutral . we neutral neutral entitled to our opinions negator neutral called “ negative ” .
" she neutral neutral negator hnegative . " neutral the neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral
negator they wouldn't ? lmao trixi 's positive neutral tainted to the fans neutral the neutral neutral neutral shangela neutral of the neutral . if sasha neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to and anetra neutral , mayyybe neutral could neutral that , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral anetra positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral frontrunner/contender thi neutral than trixi neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral okay with her positive , hpositive hnegative sasha neutral negator neutral the hpositive ( positive they positive with fiercalicious ) .
neutral you neutral
neutral
positive neutral neutral negator the hnegative ones positive neutral intensifier likes ? katya and bianca neutral tons of hardcore fans , their should neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral , shea and kim positive negative their polls
neutral would positive neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral that . they hpositive neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral intensifier they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive fits .
neutral neutral negator negative neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral the neutral .
what would you positive positive the hnegative neutral neutral , hpositive neutral of positive
that negative , negative positive thi negative positive neutral neutral how they showed negative and interacted , neutral neutral positive . the neutral neutral
intensifier hpositive , they positive the neutral and luxx to neutral 's loosey
neutral hpositive neutral intensifier negative for gotmik neutral the neutral and positive hpositive meh dure the neutral . negator positive , hpositive negator neutral negative neutral neutral . and neutral seemed positive symone neutral intensifier loved .
hpositive positive her neutral rhymes with neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral thi ! you neutral intensifier neutral .
okay intensifier intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral they positive
how neutral ttt , shea , bianca underdogs positive ?
neutral , neutral if you neutral neutral her to hpositive wins and neutral her the neutral neutral positive , she positive neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral that , neutral feelings positive neutral neutral hpositive her becaus " neutral 's sasha and she positive neutral " , which positive negative when she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive feelings positive that neutral anetra neutral neutral the neutral hpositive thingi neutral . and positive negative critiques neutral neutral neutral . idk the negative neutral the neutral neutral comments neutral everyth she touches hpositive neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral . and neutral hated how neutral of the neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive , neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral sinc they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , intensifier luxx and marcia . neutral and loosey becaus she neutral neutral neutral neutral and looked neutral .
neutral . diminisher neutral , positive sasha , hpositive neutral neutral the neutral . \~\~
neutral positive positive thi . if neutral neutral neutral shangela-trixie neutral neutral and trixi neutral diminisher hnegative shit to neutral hnegative the positive , negator neutral would neutral neutral hnegative with neutral . neutral of sasha negative neutral neutral - - - that neutral neutral shea 's crowning neutral multistop until they neutral the neutral syncs . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral that believes shea neutral robbed neutral negative intensifier neutral positive that sasha neutral neutral . the hnegative neutral negator that trixi neutral neutral that her positive neutral negative and hnegative . if neutral neutral neutral from neutral someth happens and the *chance* to neutral positive neutral from sasha and anetra ( neutral intensifier neutral of the hnegative neutral ) wins , neutral neutral gonna neutral diminisher words and feelings neutral neutral
bianca neutral intensifier neutral neutral that the instagram posts exists neutral neutral neutral neutral books
neutral neutral neutral you sasha neutral neutral with shea neutral neutral neutral neutral
the fans becaus that would positive neutral diminisher of the positive neutral minutes of neutral neutral neutral
jinkx , bianca neutral negator neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral diminisher rewatched neutral of them , neutral neutral the neutral that neutral started and neutral negator negative says someth
neutral neutral deemed the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral that and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the hnegative .
neutral neutral and neutral the hnegative neutral !
neutral how you neutral neutral , kylie , neutral , neutral , neutral , trixi and neutral neutral and katya to negative neutral
neutral negator hpositive how neutral positive neutral makes , neutral neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral neutral winners positive neutral the negative neutral their neutral intensifier relat and neutral . ps . : neutral neutral positive sasha
neutral , hpositive she positive neutral neutral .
comments positive these puts neutral hnegative of sasha . neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral !
thi positive what neutral neutral basing my neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral thi mama
what neutral you neutral , neutral your neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that fans neutral negator neutral neutral underdogs . you negative neutral to neutral neutral winners ? lol
neutral , intensifier sasha 's hpositive hnegative neutral positive neutral neutral ? ‘cause neutral neutral diminisher hnegative she neutral the neutral favourite neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral platforms
neutral ? the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . youre neutral gonna negative the neutral neutral negative the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral hnegative neutral the girls and the hpositive negative among them neutral . plastique neutral hpositive neutral ps neutral she negator sisters with anyon from her neutral . neutral and neutral positive that hnegative neutral neutral . neutral neutral for neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral pressed neutral eliminated when they neutral neutral neutral negator questions asked positive neutral introduced positive negative positive to neutral neutral negative eliminated neutral . that and neutral neutral multistop intensifier neutral that positive neutral the neutral
for neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive that positive hpositive my hnegative and neutral intensifier of neutral hpositive that neutral . for neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative negative to neutral positive tbh .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral they positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to neutral , and neutral neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral hpositive wanted neutral to neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral ? intensifier neutral neutral hpositive becaus theatre neutral positive neutral and intensifier hpositive for productions to neutral neutral . hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral rules that neutral negative negative would negator neutral for .
positive hpositive to neutral synthia neutral neutral someth positive thi . her neutral positive negative !
neutral neutral : neutral , neutral , brita , alexi michel , neutral , rosé , marcia , neutral st . clair , tina neutral , neutral neutral neutral runs : jinkx , dela , courtney , neutral , neutral neutral , bianca , monet , divina decampo , neutral strokes , cheryl neutral , positive neutral claus , ella vaday
neutral would positive to neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral nyc positive , hpositive the neutral from neutral shows . hpositive neutral neutral than vegas . would negator neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral !
neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral to positive her , neutral neutral has neutral neutral cv neutral legit neutral theatre than neutral of the uk queens neutral your neutral .
the macbitch positive neutral shakesqueer , neutral neutral certifi neutral negative . neutral neutral negative : the negative performances neutral the neutral stars neutral positive neutral . neutral shit neutral rewatch these positive . hnegative hnegative negative : negative neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of those challenges where negator neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator positive them for that neutral lipsync neutral
neutral stars neutral neutral hnegative fest for neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral kendall neutral speaks neutral her negative heads positive neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral .
the roasts and standups positive neutral neutral diminisher of the neutral hnegative moments . they neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral negative . examples that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of my neutral neutral alyssa 's neutral dela 's standup farrah / alexis' neutral and utica 's neutral
- teams you could negator neutral neutral the neutral started intensifier queens could negator neutral coordinating looks . neutral negator neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral of your positive sinc your neutral that you neutral negator neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral you positive with their . the lsfyl hnegative neutral that neutral intensifier intensifier self-sabotaging than anyth .
neutral , neutral the neutral and negator of neutral among the queens neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral multistop and positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral contestants neutral neutral neutral hnegative fest neutral well… positive @ you neutral ( miley neutral
neutral positive neutral negative of cringeworthy neutral challenges
seconding thi

neutral intensifier believed neutral of thi and that anetra would neutral the neutral multistop until neutral neutral when sasha hpositive smashed neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral sasha neutral .
> sasha neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral herself . to you . if she neutral negator positive positive she neutral negator negative and / neutral neutral the neutral and the neutral of neutral 's neutral neutral superstar , neutral would she neutral negative neutral thousands of dollars neutral outfits and risking her hpositive and neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? her hpositive the neutral the neutral neutral neutral wins ( neutral jinkx 's positive neutral and symone 's neutral neutral intensifier hpositive examples of positive occasions that positive wins mattered , to neutral your negative lol ) , she neutral with positive expectations , negator neutral neutral them neutral she neutral neutral positive to positive them . she positive positive the looks , the performances , the neutral , the positive and the neutral positive ! what neutral positive neutral to neutral ? and neutral neutral of neutral that , she positive neutral neutral neutral for trans neutral neutral hpositive that trans neutral neutral neutral chased neutral neutral neutral politicians / neutral .
>sasha neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral herself . thi neutral sucks we neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral sasha neutral the positive . neutral that neutral .
sasha neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral she has neutral neutral neutral she deserves neutral .

negator . neutral negative anetra stan ( sasha negative ) , sasha deserves thi neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral to you to neutral whether she neutral neutral neutral negator becaus if she positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral into competing she neutral wants neutral and she positive hands positive earned neutral hnegative . hpositive neutral positive negator neutral ‘who neutral neutral the most' neutral anetra positive negative neutral she positive has neutral for neutral and neutral positive hpositive to neutral her positive her neutral neutral intensifier and neutral neutral to neutral stars with intensifier neutral , she could intensifier positive . hpositive she positive the neutral favourite and positive neutral to neutral positive and positive intensifier she neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral thi hpositive feelings positive sasha 's neutral to neutral and neutral neutral she positive the neutral we neutral neutral neutral . she positive competed intensifier positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral with neutral the anti-drag + trans laws rn she positive hpositive the neutral neutral for the neutral and that positive the neutral neutral neutral . she neutral neutral neutral from competing neutral neutral positive for years positive to the neutral 's transphobic policies intensifier positive thi and how she positive exceeded expectations neutral positive positive she positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive . to neutral , the storyline for anetra intensifier lends itself to amping her neutral for neutral negative neutral stars positive . anetra and sasha neutral killed neutral thi neutral , neutral storyline neutral anetra has intensifier neutral for neutral where neutral sasha positive neutral diminisher neutral / neutral neutral . and that neutral neutral makes neutral neutral anetra neutral neutral for neutral stars and intensifier demolishing the neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and she neutral neutral .
sasha , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral they would negator neutral her becaus she positive trans and has positive discussed how neutral that positive her positive and neutral , neutral negator “ neutral ” the neutral ? neutral .
sasha 's negative , and neutral positive thi neutral negative anetra neutral ( her neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral ) .
winners neutral neutral neutral these types of posts neutral them . they neutral the neutral .
nah neutral neutral neutral the neutral that the hnegative negative positive the hpositive storyline . hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral should positive neutral neutral ? that , neutral neutral imo , positive neutral intensifier hpositive . neutral positive positive anetra positive neutral intensifier hpositive than sasha to neutral for neutral stars , intensifier neutral sasha neutral and anetra neutral neutral neutral and positive positive
that positive negator negative neutral neutral . you hpositive werkshop that diminisher intensifier .
negative neutral that has you commenting “ neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral , neutral , neutral neutral ” neutral diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral to neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , sasha should neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral earlier ( and neutral would neutral demolished ) , neutral that hpositive neutral neutral from her . she positive neutral , neutral , and neutral , hpositive positive everyon neutral , to neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral amongst neutral artists . she positive hpositive neutral “ neutral ” neutral everyon neutral , if negator intensifier intensifier . neutral positive her neutral , she has performed intensifier , and she deserves the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , thi positive negator rupaul 's “ neutral neutral neutral neutral ” positive . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and she positive negative the neutral . neutral neutral neutral when neutral , negative neutral , and trans neutral neutral neutral threatened neutral for existing , we neutral neutral to neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive than neutral trans woc neutral positive neutral neutral her hpositive and has neutral her neutral neutral to neutral neutral ? neutral the hpositive neutral positive the positive neutral , neutral if neutral positive “ neutral ” .
hpositive neutral negator neutral username neutral intensifier neutral positive thi
diminisher y'all anetra fans neutral intensifier pressed neutral how neutral sasha positive neutral positive neutral , neutral intensifier positive neutral y'all neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral your neutral neutral neutral from positive neutral neutral and breatheeee negator neutral neutral neutral .
we neutral neutral negative neutral positive sasha neutral anetra . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and luxx neutral neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive ! to positive hpositive neutral to the lsftc . neutral my hnegative the positive of the neutral should hpositive neutral to the neutral if that neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral rigga neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral to neutral hpositive . if shenanigans neutral pulled to neutral neutral neutral neutral and they neutral negator neutral earned , hnegative what would neutral if they positive the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral sasha and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she demonstrates neutral she deserves to lsftc and neutral positive . neutral whoever wins , they hpositive neutral hpositive for how they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative ! for neutral purposes : sasha positive positive neutral neutral , positive , her crowning neutral propels her to neutral positive neutral . negative neutral neutral and transphobia ( neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral ) her crowning could negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier needed neutral . anetras negative to hpositive positive neutral . loved neutral fans , neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral and neutral into her neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral anetra neutral sasha positive positive and she deserves neutral neutral . neutral hpositive anetra has the neutral fans neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . and sasha positive alll neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive to neutral neutral anetra neutral sasha positive - neutral neutral neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative months , intensifier psyched
> ! neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral the neutral to neutral ! < , , neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier closeee . sasha positive negative neutral . she positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and she positive intensifier hpositive . anetra has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and she positive neutral intensifier hpositive . someth neutral her seems positive and hnegative negative . > ! what if rupaul pulls negative neutral crowning ? ! <
neutral neutral anetra positive positive , we negative intensifier neutral to hpositive her , her neutral , etc . from neutral neutral neutral , neutral kicked neutral her neutral , neutral from neutral arts multistop she positive neutral positive hpositive inverviews , intensifier to the tv neutral , my hnegative positive that she positive neutral neutral positive neutral and positive diminisher positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral sasha 's neutral intensifier positive , neutral we hpositive intensifier from her than from anetra . neutral , neutral my hnegative , for the tv neutral neutral , neutral neutral hnegative winners neutral neutral favorites that neutral of neutral to her " neutral " storyline ( kylie , bosco , kerri multistop ) neutral neutral neutral sasha would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral negator of them would neutral neutral to negative neutral stars , unless their positive tells them to neutral
neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral when she walked that intensifier neutral and ru neutral her shit .
> neutral , when neutral the neutral neutral neutral wins counted for anyth ? for intensifier neutral , neutral
diminisher foreshadowing of anetra negative positive when she neutral neutral neutral neutral that shes gonna neutral that neutral to the neutral and neutral the neutral . positive the rusical neutral when ru neutral neutral walkthrough neutral neutral showed sasha and anetra walkthrough cuz theyr the neutral to neutral that neutral hpositive positive neutral ( hpositive ) and they negative anetra the positive .
neutral positive negator negative neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral negative
neutral . negator to neutral from neutral branding / neutral neutral , anetra makes intensifier neutral intensifier positive neutral negative neutral stars neutral .
neutral of thi ! neutral you neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive negative neutral of these posts
thi positive negative hpositive neutral .
naurrr bc for the longest neutral sasha neutral negator positive positive she neutral negator positive neutral ( she talks abt neutral neutral neutral ) , neutral when trans women positive negator allowed neutral the neutral multiquestion and when the neutral neutral of neutral positive neutral abt neutral guys neutral wigs ? hnegative hpositive for the neutral fr
intensifier . neutral positive neutral hpositive with neutral sasha positive neutral neutral . although neutral would positive anetra to positive hpositive becaus neutral hpositive her intensifier , that neutral negator hpositive sasha neutral diminisher hpositive . whether neutral negator she wins , if neutral neutral negator hpositive that she neutral neutral neutral positive , we neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral that wins neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral would neutral neutral hpositive storyline for anetra to positive . my neutral hnegative positive neutral neutral crowning neutral .
the neutral has changed neutral intensifier sinc negator neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral hnegative . “ the positive ” positive negator neutral the neutral neutral gets neutral , and that positive negative positive neutral .
hpositive . negator neutral she positive hpositive neutral neutral , neutral from neutral . thi positive hpositive my neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons .
neutral positive negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive sayin
hpositive , neutral neutral *isn't* neutral to neutral to neutral lol . neutral should neutral neutral neutral hpositive that thi positive neutral neutral neutral negative . you could neutral neutral that neutral positive negator neutral “ neutral has positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive the longest ” neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive for their neutral reasons . neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral anetra would positive . with neutral neutral , neutral positive sasha 's . neutral we neutral negator hpositive that neutral positive positive neutral neutral into neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negative anetra to positive , neutral sasha positive hpositive , and if she neutral positive , neutral positive negator and should negator neutral becaus of *politics* , neutral becaus she positive motherfucking sasha colby .
neutral neutral that , neutral neutral hpositive feelings *too* neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral and they neutral neutral hpositive candidates .
neutral neutral the neutral seasons neutral neutral hpositive rules intensifier to neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive if sasha neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral rooting for anetra neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral thi neutral when neutral thi neutral . the neutral neutral negator to negative neutral sasha neutral neutral . sasha , anetra , neutral , and luxx neutral neutral hpositive , positive reasons for neutral the neutral . sasha negative would neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to anetra . that positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral anetra could've neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral negative . ( luxx feelings neutral diminisher neutral neutral she positive positive neutral intensifier neutral to neutral for neutral stars . ) neutral , neutral the sasha colby neutral & neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral . negative neutral .
we positive negator hpositive until we hpositive . my positive neutral positive neutral neutral crowning tbh .
that positive neutral positive hnegative . touché .
positive negator negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of negative hnegative positive intensifier hpositive . neutral " hnegative " hnegative neutral negative hnegative hnegative . and positive negator neutral neutral anetra should positive , neutral moreso neutral neutral sasha should negator positive .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral that wins neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral , and that negative hnegative neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . that neutral , and hnegative how neutral neutral negative and neutral that anetra positive positive , sasha neutral deserves the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negative neutral should neutral neutral negative / neutral . positive you positive positive my comments intensifier neutral neutral you neutral neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral neutral sasha 's neutral to neutral intensifier neutral hpositive things neutral her neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive positive that neutral neutral positive neutral someth from neutral / her neutral . neutral / she neutral negator positive thi positive negative neutral positive of hpositive . neutral neutral neutral that neutral , could you hpositive neutral neutral , hpositive neutral for everybodi , pls ?
neutral thi neutral ? negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator intensifier pressed , neutral hpositive sasha‘a neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negative anetra positive positive positive . neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral if sasha wins lmao
neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral neutral when neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral makes neutral neutral intensifier hpositive if sasha neutral positive . we neutral negative anetra vs . sasha becaus they neutral the neutral strongest competitors atm , neutral neutral neutral neutral that seasons neutral neutral positive hpositive negator rigga neutral . ignoring neutral neutral , neutral would positive anetra to positive , neutral neutral negator hnegative that neutral would neutral positive for sasha to positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral anetra , you positive negator neutral negative , neutral neutral .
> ! neutral neutral crowning would neutral the neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation <
neutral you , thi positive what neutral neutral positive neutral to positive the neutral neutral multiexclamation
that neutral ep positive her the neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral she neutral negator neutral anyth to hnegative neutral ( and she neutral negator ) . neutral she neutral hasn't intensifier neutral the neutral and neutral sinc positive to neutral the neutral from sasha neutral . she positive neutral neutral stars neutral , when she positive negative
when she neutral “ neutral ” neutral neutral that .
positive . neutral hnegative for negator using neutral analyt and citations .
if neutral if negator ? neutral . sasha 's negative , hpositive positive neutral neutral intensifier you neutral negator neutral the anetra negative intensifier hnegative . plz intensifier of hpositive neutral anetra positive neutral , neutral to neutral , she positive negator neutral the negative sasha positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier positive anetra neutral negative neutral stars neutral , diminisher intensifier neutral neutral the neutral , neutral intensifier intensifier realized and neutral and neutral neutral .
and my neutral positive that they neutral neutral neutral neutral of crowning types that neutral positive intensifier negator neutral anetra positive negative . sasha has neutral amounts of neutral neutral per their neutral neutral pages and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral obsessed with her . anetra positive diminisher hpositive multistop neutral neutral sasha neutral neutral anetra .
sasha neutral negator neutral until thi neutral . she positive the positive neutral and positive neutral hpositive neutral and neutral of neutral neutral neutral to positive with dr 's neutral .
okay , neutral you positive that thi neutral subreddit neutral wall-to-wall comments positive “ she neutral negator neutral neutral ” neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral rights , would've positive neutral neutral neutral neutral if ru positive negator positive gender-affirming neutral “ positive positive , ” hnegative neutral hnegative neutral diminisher negative ? and you neutral negator neutral the neutral of crowning sasha neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral yourself which neutral you positive neutral positive to neutral negative neutral neutral bans neutral cnn and you positive hpositive neutral negative positive neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral misconstruing my words . thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral seasons neutral neutral , and from neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons where the positive neutral to the neutral with positive vs . the hpositive neutral negative . neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral negative anetra positive . sasha intensifier has the positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . hpositive becaus neutral neutral anetra positive neutral to positive neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral sasha neutral negator hpositive to positive . she neutral , neutral intensifier than anetra . neutral neutral , that positive negator neutral how neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral you , neutral neutral neutral what you neutral , neutral positive sounds pressed . neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive would neutral from the looks lol . and neutral positive negator hpositive you , neutral intensifier neutral sasha stan 's positive sasha , positive cuz we hpositive our girls gonna positive , and positive neutral neutral anetra stan 's , intensifier spiraling neutral neutral pieces neutral how sasha positive negator gonna positive . negative neutral sasha neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral , and positive , intensifier neutral
neutral sureeee ? if you positive intensifier hunn . neutral well…i'd positive neutral pickin neutral if you negative the positive neutral neutral negative neutral . intensifier neutral
neutral neutral from vegas intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative anetra neutral . her positive neutral neutral neutral . when neutral heard she neutral from vegas neutral neutral negator neutral positive expectations and positive she taekwondoed neutral misconceptions neutral positive neutral her ! hahaha
> ! neutral neutral neutral neutral invested neutral thi positive lmao . she has neutral neutral neutral and saves the neutral neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral neutral idk , anyth neutral neutral . she neutral has twists and gags neutral neutral neutral . she neutral neutral for neutral stars ! <
and negative neutral positive ger downvoted negative intensifier of hpositive hpositive negative neutral to hpositive neutral and neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive anetra has neutral hpositive , neutral if neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative , and neutral neutral neutral to neutral hpositive for sasha . negator neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative anetra positive positive intensifier hpositive than the fans neutral to neutral . intensifier becaus they neutral neutral the neutral favorites . positive , neutral neutral neutral positive anetra vs . sasha , negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral shenanigans . neutral , neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive . neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral .
sasha negative would neutral neutral intensifier to neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she wins negative . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral sipping my anetra neutral neutral until positive
granted , thi neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive theorizing neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral . tensions neutral positive with anti-trans neutral hnegative , intensifier neutral makes positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of transphobia ( neutral neutral should neutral ) . neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral anetra neutral sasha neutral negator neutral to negative her . neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral the hnegative “ she neutral negator neutral neutral ” posts , the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral the subreddit positive that neutral neutral sasha positive positive . hnegative of neutral neutral neutral negative to positive , sasha intensifier deserves neutral , and her negative would neutral positive . neutral neutral means , neutral positive neutral hpositive if sasha wins . neutral , neutral with you that ru 's “ positive positive ” neutral neutral negative .
to neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive if you hpositive neutral " neutral neutral " neutral neutral hnegative facts and observations neutral hpositive to positive your neutral / hnegative . if neutral positive the neutral , positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and should neutral ignored . neutral if neutral positive the neutral , hpositive neutral with my hnegative neutral . > sasha intensifier has the positive neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral . hpositive becaus neutral neutral anetra positive neutral to positive neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral sasha neutral negator hpositive to positive . to neutral , neutral neutral negator arguing with your neutral neutral intensifier we neutral hnegative that . if you neutral neutral to neutral someth and neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral positive using hnegative ( neutral neutral diminisher hnegative ) neutral neutral hnegative neutral should neutral the negative . what you presented neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral anetra could negator positive - which neutral sasha . you could've neutral her strengths and the neutral neutral neutral neutral she should positive . negative neutral positive that you began your neutral with >sasha neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral herself . neutral negator positive thi neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral anetra should positive and you neutral hpositive presented the hnegative storyline neutral to neutral she should . sasha neutral neutral mentioned intensifier hpositive than anetra neutral your neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral my neutral >a " hnegative " hnegative neutral negative hnegative hnegative . and positive negator neutral neutral anetra should positive , neutral moreso neutral neutral sasha should negator positive . if you neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral stronger neutral . >this positive neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral positive neutral seasons neutral neutral , and from neutral neutral neutral negative neutral . we neutral neutral neutral neutral seasons where the positive neutral to the neutral with positive vs . the hpositive neutral negative . neutral neutral thi , neutral neutral negative anetra positive . and neutral , neutral you .
neutral negative , neutral hpositive hpositive that neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral becaus of what positive neutral with anti-trans neutral neutral neutral , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sasha positive negator positive becaus of that ? which neutral intensifier negator the neutral , and neutral negative to hpositive that positive to everyon . the positive positive justified , neutral should neutral redirected . if that makes neutral neutral pressed idc . negator neutral to sasha , she positive neutral neutral .
uppercase becaus neutral positive ‘em positive .
> ! negative hnegative they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral crowning positive they neutral neutral
neutral you fam , neutral neutral that neutral of neutral positive neutral neutral to hnegative and negative , intensifier neutral negator neutral positive , neutral neutral positive positive lol
neutral neutral the neutral lol . the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative anetra positive , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . if thi positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral my sources positive neutral neutral neutral lmao . neutral neutral the storyline would neutral hpositive neutral the neutral of the neutral , and neutral the neutral . when we neutral intensifier neutral neutral , positive the neutral that rpdr positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive . neutral that positive , sasha negative positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive hpositive to those neutral would neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations things positive neutral hpositive negative .
> ! negative ! <

thi positive whitewashing .
anetra and sasha neutral intensifier neutral negator ? and you neutral neutral and michel neutral .
hpositive neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral negative : you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral than she positive positive neutral neutral her the neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral the hnegative girls . neutral her neutral neutral diminisher diminisher and neutral her neutral negative , neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral they intensifier neutral neutral neutral when negator of the queens neutral neutral
neutral neutral you positive everyon 's skintone ?
whitewashed .
neutral positive sasha neutral and neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral lmao
kawaii ! hpositive neutral . would hpositive anetra 's and sasha 's neutral negative neutral diminisher darker neutral . they neutral intensifier neutral .
negator neutral downvoting neutral the neutral comments the neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral anetra and sasha neutral neutral ( anetra positive neutral neutral sasha positive neutral neutral to neutral intensifier neutral ) intensifier you gotta hpositive them intensifier neutral neutral the neutral
intensifier neutral positive she neutral neutral neutral positive the comments
neutral loveeee . um , thi positive negative neutral neutral would neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
thi positive intensifier hpositive multiexclamation
would neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
neutral these neutral amaaaazing ! intensifier negative . if these positive t-shirts neutral neutral the queens they positive neutral imo
neutral hpositive how neutral and neutral thi subreddit positive . reddit neutral neutral neutral of hnegative scrolling negative articles . neutral negator neutral . neutral neutral hpositive someth to positive neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral
omg thi positive negative neutral looks intensifier hpositive
hpositive ! neutral hpositive how you neutral the puppets negative
hpositive . hpositive the neutral
hpositive hpositive looove these !
hpositive - and neutral , intensifier hpositive neutral neutral which outfits you neutral . neutral
neutral neutral poc lemme hpositive positive whitewashing holds neutral neutral that implies hnegative neutral . diminisher artists neutral negator neutral neutral neutral tones and that positive okay . thi positive fanart , neutral to neutral positive and neutral negative , negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral okay to neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral negator negative neutral to neutral neutral for someth neutral to neutral hnegative . neutral neutral op , thi positive hpositive , and the girls would neutral neutral cuter with diminisher intensifier neutral negative positive neutral
omg neutral negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral thi neutral !
yaaaaassss
positive multiexclamation neutral neutral positive neutral into vr hpositive neutral & neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher warmup ! neutral positive neutral negative diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral diminisher rupaul songs neutral beatsaver , positive neutral that neutral & glamazon ! diminisher neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral to intensifier hnegative maps .
yaaassssss ! hpositive neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral of neutral and hpositive neutral neutral myself !
what hnegative vr games neutral you neutral for hpositive ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral
neutral neutral your neutral & neutral positive intensifier positive ! neutral neutral neutral newbie neutral beatsaber , hpositive neutral my neutral neutral to hnegative intensifier neutral neutral negator diminisher neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral songs . neutral neutral neutral positive the parts where you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of my faves . you neutral to neutral the settings neutral , to neutral and negative . thi causes you to neutral to hnegative & neutral negative . you positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral squats , neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral . neutral neutral everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral weights .
neutral my hnegative , neutral positive should neutral neutral the hnegative negative ! neutral you neutral neutral ! that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , diminisher hnegative neutral positive my positive neutral neutral
neutral ! positive for the neutral .
she positive hpositive neutral positive neutral wintour . neutral hnegative .
carson 's neutral : when you neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral the neutral drives neutral neutral you .
neutral positive negator neutral ? neutral you neutral neutral wintour ?
she neutral playing neutral wintour . she neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher neutral , that positive neutral neutral wintour
neutral neutral neutral neutral thi for the neutral time…not positive negative anyth neutral neutral all…and positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral positive neutral . you would hpositive that if you neutral her neutral the neutral neutral sharknado
neutral neutral the to neutral we neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive
thi neutral intensifier neutral they neutral thi neutral neutral neutral germany 's neutral topmodel
neutral hpositive if neutral neutral intensifier negative when the queens where neutral , positive negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral thi video…
thi positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive , neutral negator neutral for what she neutral into neutral positive positive neutral of those skydiving suits neutral positive positive neutral neutral positive
*intentionally neutral
thi has positive neutral of my positive looks for years
neutral neutral from thi neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral
neutral neutral , anna… neutral neutral multiexclamation
thi neutral neutral neutral where you could positive “ neutral she positive gonna hpositive neutral to the finals ”
neutral neutral looks neutral neutral positive neutral positive
lol what if she recognized negative and remembered she neutral the neutral that neutral neutral her neutral 's neutral
positive neutral neutral positive neutral positive that thi neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative and neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator positive the negative for thi neutral ? neutral seemed neutral diminisher neutral of neutral for neutral looks , positive neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral “ negative ” from thi ngl .
positive neutral : the girls walked the neutral neutral and thi neutral negative 's neutral neutral , intensifier everyon neutral positive neutral becaus they neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral thi becaus of negative neutral where negative complained that neutral her neutral neutral neutral of the wings neutral negator neutral intensifier when she neutral ( which positive neutral you neutral her neutral neutral them positive neutral thi neutral ) .
neutral face… negator , positive , neutral her neutral !
* neutral tammi negative “ i'm neutral ” .gif * ( neutral neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive to hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral )
neutral thi neutral has intensifier neutral neutral to the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral ( neutral 's intensifier hpositive lmaooo )
neutral when you neutral neutral the neutral and you neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral roxxxy andrews neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral *really* neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral her positive neutral and neutral neutral she wins the neutral lmaooo
neutral hpositive reveals neutral negator neutral the neutral . they neutral neutral how neutral you neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral : neutral lynn hytes pulling hnegative negative afro and neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator of those neutral positive intensifier positive neutral positive , neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive how neutral the neutral neutral , how neutral looked intensifier neutral neutral the neutral and carson 's neutral . you neutral neutral , neutral looks positive neutral skydiving neutral neutral the neutral the neutral moves dials neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive thi neutral neutral reveals positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral and neutral synch . neutral thi for the neutral neutral negator comparing neutral to neutral seasons positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator expecting neutral , and neutral thi neutral neutral negator positive the neutral for neutral of the reveals that neutral neutral
neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral everyon and their mothers neutral for thi , neutral neutral that we neutral hpositive to negative neutral negative we positive neutral negator positive neutral that neutral ?
the neutral positive positive that you neutral positive neutral neutral positive gonna neutral neutral neutral when you neutral the negative , gloves , and neutral if that neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral intensifier sells neutral positive she positive neutral neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral ? neutral diminisher hpositive her !
neutral you neutral , roxxy ?
we neutral neutral the neutral neutral jokes babes neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
your positive has neutral snort-laughing . hpositive neutral .
if neutral neutral started to neutral positive neutral negative , neutral would neutral neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
mmmm… neutral hpositive that neutral
positive to negative neutral hnegative neutral !
neutral neutral my positive neutral . neutral positive called jessica wild…the dreams…of neutral golden…shower
negative neutral . neutral neutral thi subreddit neutral the actors from that neutral neutral positive fans of rpdr , and neutral would hpositive to neutral neutral critiques neutral that hnegative neutral of neutral .
rina sawayama . neutral hpositive her sm anf neutral negative neutral comme des garçons neutral neutral intensifier hnegative
sandra bernhard , neutral rudolph , neutral silverman , tina negative , wanda sykes , julia louis-dreyfus , neutral neutral neutral
jennif coolidge and neutral neutral
carly rae jepsen , hpositive
neutral neutral , hands positive
dan neutral
kylie minogue , kim petras , pedro neutral , neutral radcliffe , kevin neutral , neutral silverman
neutral siriano for neutral neutral positive would neutral neutral richard ayoade jennif coolidge neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral others neutral , pedro neutral
negative for druk
neutral radcliffe , tim gunn , neutral and neutral of the negative neutral hosts
intensifier neutral neutral and athletes , tbh . neutral neutral negator neutral their names neutral their positive neutral neutral players neutral the earlier seasons ( neutral neutral loved negative mchale bc neutral neutral unhinged , and jeff goldblum neutral negative .
zaddy pedro for hnegative . neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral and intensifier would neutral .
niecey nash-betts !
the neutral neutral neutral ~~matthews~~
neutral neutral with neutral neutral . negative should neutral neutral them neutral celebrities .
pedro neutral ugh
ziwe , christeene , eric andr , meatball , neutral neutral , neutral fielding . ( neutral hpositive diminisher of them neutral negative unhinged / off-brand to neutral neutral invited , hnegative )

megan thee neutral , neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral intensifier than she neutral neutral hpositive
björk !
cupcakke . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with her neutral neutral neutral
neutral my neutral , neutral they neutral lisa neutral positive and elain hendricks neutral the neutral neutral multiquestion neutral , we neutral alan cumming neutral to neutral neutral romy and michele 's positive neutral neutral neutral . positive , how neutral they negator neutral neutral .
neutral polachek , with intensifier neutral you neutral hnegative my feelings neutral the neutral neutral neutral
jane negative , jami neutral neutral and jennif coolidge .
*nicole paige brooks*
neutral neutral to neutral judges neutral neutral of neutral . negative neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral negative icons
neutral neutral positive / housewives neutral has positive happened . garcelle positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stars and we neutral positive rinna and camille from rhobh neutral neutral judges neutral the neutral ( neutral to and neutral neutral ) + kandi burruss from rhoa neutral judged neutral neutral rinna and garcelle 's appearances positive pre-rh , neutral .
intensifier myself ! hahahaha neutral would neutral anyth to neutral neutral neutral
ethel neutral
garcelle has positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral michel gellar ( for anyth ) jami neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral langenkamp ( positive positive ) neutral positive ( anyth ) neutral hilton ( neutral positive ) erin cahil ( neutral neutral positive ) andrea neutral and jodie sweetin ( sitcom ) tracee ellis neutral ( anyth ) neutral neutral ( parodies ) neutral neutral neutral / neutral grumps ( negative neutral positive ) neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive neutral nsp neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral .
sinc neutral neutral positive neutral positive negative , neutral negative the neutral of the neutral women . neutral neutral anni potts , neutral neutral and intensifier neutral hnegative hpositive .
iggy neutral ( with neutral neutral neutral the stripclub lipsync ) rina sawayama lana del rey jennif coolidge jami neutral neutral
neutral negative negative styles intensifier hnegative . neutral would negator , neutral neutral negative neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negative to positive neutral negative . neutral hpositive intensifier intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral .
the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral of antm neutral the neutral neutral intensifier tyra banks feelings positive neutral negator brainer . neutral berkley , showgirls neutral . dave bautista , neutral the neutral neutral which has neutral intensifier of neutral neutral and neutral mom positive negative . fran drescher , neutral , neutral posey , debi mazar , kim cattrall , neutral elliott . edited to hpositive : neutral neutral when they positive neutral neutral negative neutral judges neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive to neutral diminisher positive pairings , positive neutral waters and demi lovato neutral aubrey o'day and joan neutral neutral
neutral guillen neutral that neutral hnegative
neutral neutral julia louis-dreyfus for the neutral neutral positive they neutral , selina meyer judging neutral neutral neutral positive would neutral negative
how neutral negator we neutral him neutral ? neutral positive negative .
neutral siriano would neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral the judges' neutral if ru neutral retires , neutral knows the positive of the neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for the girls , intensifier neutral the neutral discussions .
neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive if neutral happened neutral celine dion would neutral negative
>nicole paige brooks tim neutral multiexclamation neutral positive neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral has neutral paths with ru and neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier positive we neutral negator neutral him positive
neutral players . neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral dated eliza dushku lol ) and neutral positive . neutral becaus willam and latrice positive defo neutral . neutral to hpositive : omg neutral loved negative mchale . neutral floods my neutral .
- the neutral neutral neutral positive her neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral seasons , sinc neutral of them neutral queens from hnegative franchises , negator neutral neutral ones . the contestants intensifier neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral ! ( negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral " neutral " they neutral negator neutral . )
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral radcliffe neutral diminisher hpositive neutral the comments multistop neutral positive
>also neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral positive if neutral happened neutral celine dion would neutral negative neutral neutral gonna positive ziwe negative and neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral rupaul hnegative neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral to positive her neutral neutral , neutral if they neutral hnegative the judges' neutral , neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral michel neutral neutral , she exudes neutral and her interactions with her guests neutral her neutral seems intensifier neutral .
positive
neutral would hpositive to neutral that neutral if we neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral hpositive positive tove lo neutral normani they neutral gonna hpositive them neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral that anyon diminisher remembers multistop
>megan thee neutral , neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral intensifier than she neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative ! they neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral to the neutral and neutral to neutral judges lol , intensifier if the neutral judges neutral neutral pre-existing neutral neutral makes the deliberations intensifier neutral . neutral positive neutral the neutral judges neutral photos , they neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral positive negator positive that garcelle and camille neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier positive
neutral neutral positive negator positive
>jamie neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral langenkamp ( positive positive ) neutral neutral manifesting neutral neutral neutral with neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral horror-comedy with jami neutral and neutral michel
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral hpositive choices for the neutral positive , neutral positive we positive gonna neutral her neutral neutral neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations for neutral
positive neutral neutral ! hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral hpositive how these neutral neutral negator positive icons , intensifier neutral , and they neutral intensifier revelled and positive neutral neutral the judging and positive their minds negative .
omg how neutral neutral negator neutral that multiexclamation neutral you !
you neutral intensifier neutral
neutral hpositive how neutral that neutral weighs .
hpositive thi neutral she positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral ? where ?
neutral positive neutral neutral muscles of neutral , omfg that neutral looks intensifier neutral
hnegative ! that neutral !
neutral
mpathy positive hpositive ( neutral )
neutral lub thi hnegative
she positive intensifier badass .
hpositive thi neutral !
omg hpositive her diminisher neutral neutral booties . hnegative your onkle gurl . we neutral intensifier ocpa ( onkle cleek neutral hpositive )
she looks soooooo hpositive + that diminisher neutral negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral !
that neutral positive negative
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral multiexclamation she neutral sooo hpositive .
neutral the shoes
her neutral plates neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral circa
neutral positive neutral ? where ?

neutral ? momma positive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral !
my neutral positive negative ! that neutral positive negative
intensifier positive the twink neutral the neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral positive neutral that neutral hpositive intensifier than neutral the queens of neutral thi neutral neutral takes hnegative things to negative !
omg positive neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral
neutral . she looks positive neutral neutral bucks .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral thi neutral ?
that neutral hpositive the studded neutral ? ! positive neutral !
omg my neutral neutral glitching and playing diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
she neutral positive neutral her neutral for thi lipsync neutral neutral she neutral neutral thi lipsync neutral when she intensifier neutral she positive neutral hpositive neutral negative the neutral becaus she neutral she could neutral everyth the judges ( ru ) positive positive for
for neutral negative neutral weirdo , neutral positive positive positive .
that neutral neutral her makes neutral neutral .
bosco 's intensifier hnegative sexiness neutral thi neutral negator intensifier neutral with the neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral 's intensifier positive neutral . diminisher of neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral neutral summoning her positive . bosco hpositive blasts everyth neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral with the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive lipsyncers . neutral hpositive positive the neutral , including neutral having neutral neutral that could neutral with intensifier of the songs . neutral neutral intensifier negative how bosco positive neutral neutral negative neutral stars . neutral for neutral neutral negative neutral winners , that positive neutral neutral negative .
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral when ru sings neutral to neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive neutral everyon vibe and neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
she embodied the neutral intensifier . my eyes positive neutral her the neutral neutral
nevertoomuchnevertoomuchnevertoomuch
neutral positive rewatch thi lipsync neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral loveeee the neutral neutral has neutral
when she says positive im the neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral her neutral —— that plays neutral my positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral the neutral for the neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral how neutral she neutral from the neutral .
thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with thi neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral enjoyed neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative when neutral neutral neutral .
my favourite lipsync positive from neutral neutral positive hpositive intensifier positive and neutral looks mesmerizing
hnegative neutral neutral neutral thi neutral the positive neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral of my positive moments from neutral of the winners neutral
that neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive
that positive neutral of those songs neutral would negator neutral positive would hpositive neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral loved neutral of them neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral that neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier . she neutral my negative with her neutral neutral her passions and positive intensifier shined neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral things
neutral demolished thi ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral intensifier neutral , everyon neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral she positive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral positive
those neutral neutral / neutral strums and neutral bops neutral neutral neutral neutral my positive neutral !
neutral neutral to positive neutral hpositive ru neutral her negative neutral neutral . neutral
that positive when neutral neutral she neutral neutral to positive .
negator negative neutral , negator negative neutral , negator negative neutral
if she positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral hours of taping , neutral wanna neutral neutral neutral negative neutral winners
neutral neutral positive salivating when neutral neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral and neutral . thi neutral , neutral neutral hpositive , neutral hpositive .
her understated , positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral for thi neutral .
lives neutral neutral neutral my neutral , neutral with carmen farala neutral the españa neutral neutral .
my positive neutral neutral neutral neutral !
my positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral omg
neutral neutral neutral neutral
obsessed with how thi neutral fits her
neutral the eggs , neutral the neutral !
thi neutral neutral of neutral songs neutral neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator negator positive neutral positive would neutral . neutral neutral negator negative ! neutral positive intensifier positive to neutral !
neutral hpositive her neutral neutral thi
these women neutral having neutral mid-off
uhhh….i neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative lipsync . she looks hpositive neutral .
positive , neutral neutral the positive neutral for neutral . neutral negator expected neutral to neutral thi neutral of negative positive positive .
neutral of my favourite bits neutral whatcha packing positive when michel says to neutral someth positive ‘i neutral negator neutral you realise how hpositive you are' and neutral says : ‘oh , negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral sexy' neutral positive hpositive af and knows neutral !
positive thi the sexiest neutral neutral has neutral looked neutral the neutral ? neutral
and ru looks intensifier hpositive neutral negative , the hnegative neutral positive *chef 's kiss*
my positive neutral neutral latrice vs monique and neutral vs monica neutral the judges vibing neutral

neutral positive my positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral . idk if neutral positive neutral the positive , neutral for neutral , she serves the hardest .
neutral . neutral intensifier hpositive negator positive how neutral 's positive affects neutral .
neutral
neutral !
that positive neutral ! neutral positive positive negator positive that positive .
neutral neutral the jorgeous / neutral and bosco / neutral camden positive hpositive negative neutral idk neutral thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral others that were… umm… hpositive ?
neutral neutral for her neutral the positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral positive yep she positive my neutral to positive neutral neutral
idk what bosco positive neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral vibes
you neutral facts .
*am neutral neutral neutral ? *
thi positive positive neutral neutral neutral things positive the neutral neutral lipsync neutral neutral neutral
we stan
neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
which neutral neutral that neutral ?
carmen carrera vs neutral , neutral positive where the alexi mateo neutral " thi positive hpositive negative porn multistop neutral positive neutral of neutral " neutral from
nyc has diminisher of the positive neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral gals . rugirls neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive ( neutral neutral neutral neutral , although neutral bk they neutral neutral intensifier of neutral ) neutral negative 's neutral and the neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral to . hpositive neutral neutral positive bars neutral those areas and neutral their events neutral instagram neutral the neutral 's website .
you neutral positive intensifier hpositive to hpositive neutral into neutral ru neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral of neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral , pieces neutral neutral ( neutral of neutral ru girls ) . if you neutral shequidah neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral .
for neutral guaranteed ru neutral shuga neutral neutral hosts neutral neutral neutral neutral macy 's neutral neutral 's , neutral neutral positive neutral if you neutral neutral to neutral to astoria neutral queens neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral queens neutral . neutral positive closest to neutral which positive jax 's hometown neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral diminisher hpositive and neutral pops neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral their neutral queens petti neutral neutral fridays & catrina lovelace neutral saturdays neutral neutral . they neutral neutral shows hnegative neutral of the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral non-work neutral . neutral positive negative neutral neutral that has neutral neutral queens neutral neutral astoria positive neutral 's neutral cantina which has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral &
and you neutral neutral thotyssey.com neutral neutral !
neutral neutral frankie neutral neutral instagram . neutral positive books ru girls . pieces neutral neutral mondays positive neutral neutral of ru girls neutral neutral neutral , shequida neutral and janelle negator neutral and they neutral neutral . thorgy neutral neutral viewing neutral neutral neutral neutral bk . the neutral of neutral hosts neutral bi-weekly / neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral tons of ru girls neutral .
you positive neutral neutral to neutral shows neutral neutral neutral others you positive negator neutral to . hpositive neutral neutral for tips and you positive neutral hpositive !
neutral . neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier negative , positive for the tips neutral neutral bars ! neutral
neutral you intensifier neutral ! neutral neutral brunches positive neutral positive intensifier neutral positive !
seconding shuga 's neutral neutral which positive intensifier positive . if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral act-themed neutral that neutral doubles neutral neutral fundraiser !
hpositive thi neutral neutral neutral neutral toward pangina neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral fangirling positive : negative neutral you intensifier neutral for your neutral neutral
neutral positive multiexclamation
intensifier negative . neutral hpositive how neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral posts positive that neutral neutral ( if neutral neutral ) to the neutral neutral .
my favourite neutral neutral her neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral and instagram polls positive that she hpositive has the neutral neutral neutral of neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive negative ! intensifier negative for thi neutral .
anetra vs sasha neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral positive neutral positive you hpositive they neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral of legends . #allornothingnow
intensifier negative that sasha intensifier slayed and positive anetra has neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral
neutral neutral negator positive thi negative for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the positive neutral positive neutral heard neutral the neutral if they neutral negative and sasha neutral negator positive
the neutral and the neutral positive the to neutral negative moments of neutral positive sinc yvie vs neutral neutral snatchgame . neutral : neutral stan sasha and neutral negative ( neutral negator neutral neutral neutral your tweets luxx ! )
anetra neutral neutral neutral when she positive those boards neutral my negative . from that neutral neutral , neutral neutral #teamanetra .
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral where neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive , hpositive hnegative neutral which neutral should positive . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive with neutral of them neutral thi neutral .
neutral positive what she deserves : >

neutral neutral neutral of shocked ! neutral neutral thi subreddit and others neutral would've positive sasha would neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral ! intensifier neutral anetra 's positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral ! #teamanetra
neutral intensifier hpositive thi for her . she positive neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive that neutral . she positive intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral #teamanetra for neutral becaus ( *nasal neutral **she intensifier positive that gewrl** , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative sasha to neutral the neutral becaus neutral hpositive feelings multistop *correct* : neutral positive neutral neutral , and she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to neutral that . anetra positive neutral positive neutral neutral and negative all-around neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral hnegative she neutral neutral neutral intensifier . the neutral of her having negative neutral neutral neutral stars ( and destroying everyth neutral her neutral positive we neutral hpositive she neutral neutral ) would hpositive neutral the hpositive neutral positive , and neutral neutral positive that neutral would neutral the positive neutral that could neutral to her neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
feels positive
neutral negative her to positive intensifier hnegative
neutral hpositive thi neutral
neutral hpositive hpositive her and neutral neutral intensifier thrilled she positive neutral negative negative neutral with thi neutral neutral . she manages to neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative ; she positive positive and hpositive negator having to negative neutral neutral . neutral negator positive the vibe that she neutral playing neutral neutral neutral of herself for the cameras . she positive hpositive , she positive neutral , and she hpositive seems positive neutral *nice* neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral of my positive moments from neutral positive with anetra .
neutral neutral to the neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral her neutral the neutral neutral . and neutral the neutral has progressed neutral neutral hpositive multistop loved her and neutral neutral negative neutral .
diminisher of y'all neutral negator neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral ) the hnegative neutral katya 's negative neutral 's #team photos and posts neutral neutral and instagram . neutral neutral hnegative .
neutral positive hpositive the neutral neutral to lipsync positive gonna neutral hpositive , neutral neutral we positive neutral neutral of neutral dure the lalaparuza
thi promo positive . she positive intensifier neutral . she could neutral neutral my neutral neutral hnegative and neutral positive neutral her .
she positive the neutral 's neutral
\#teamanetra neutral the finalists neutral hpositive - neutral hpositive positive what neutral positive , that positive neutral neutral
neutral anetra multiexclamation
intensifier we neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral neutral ? neutral thi neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral ?
positive she neutral ? she positive positive canceling neutral her shows .
feels positive
if neutral neutral crowning happens , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral my hpositive neutral thi neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral to the neutral
blablabla neutral neutral negator using instagram anymore blablabla tiktok multistop when neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral
that positive neutral neutral whateva neutral multistop
negative hnegative thi positive negator rupaul 's neutral hpositive positive positive
neutral positive positive neutral anetra if she neutral positive . neutral neutral hnegative neutral the negative fans neutral positive negative negative her neutral the neutral queens / colleagues / peers ( to neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral their hnegative and neutral enthralled neutral sasha . hpositive hnegative neutral of the positive and excuses that'll neutral neutral her neutral if she neutral . you neutral positive , neutral positive negator negative bc she positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral her neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral of neutral friends . trixi positive herself she hpositive she neutral negator positive the neutral she neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral her . sasha negative the neutral ( neutral my hnegative , neutral intensifier for hnegative hpositive reasons ) positive negator neutral questioned neutral anyon , negator neutral the ones bored neutral her neutral rooting for negative hnegative . anetra negative neutral the hnegative hpositive , positive neutral diminisher neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive .
the positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral feelings neutral neutral sasha neutral to positive thi neutral and anetra neutral to positive negative neutral stars . anetra has positive neutral thi neutral and deserves to positive negator positive , hnegative , to neutral sasha thi neutral has neutral intensifier positive to how queens neutral neutral for neutral stars neutral neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral talents neutral neutral looks .
neutral ? neutral positive negator ?
neutral we hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral crowning thi neutral ? hpositive ?
thi positive gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral anetra and sasha .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral !
positive ! thi positive positive !
hpositive neutral , sasha neutral to neutral neutral to neutral her rpdr neutral ( although ) she neutral negator auditioned she neutral neutral intensifier of negative neutral from neutral itself neutral they positive negator neutral her positive . if neutral sasha wins , thi positive neutral positive for neutral neutral
neutral would neutral hpositive with neutral anetra neutral neutral sasha positive ( neutral my negative positive with anetra . intensifier negative to neutral tickets to neutral anetra performing neutral glasgow neutral neutral . *my neutral positive with sasha . and with anetra neutral neutral . and diminisher with anetra neutral of neutral .
you hpositive neutral that intensifier ~~butterfly~~
she positive hpositive ! neutral intensifier neutral positive her
aw neutral neutral hpositive realised her neutral positive negator neutral , neutral the cupids neutral
neutral sasha neutral neutral neutral neutral to anetra .
everytime neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive how neutral the neutral neutral looks
neutral hnegative anetra positive neutral neutral for neutral stars , where she positive neutral intensifier finances to neutral neutral intensifier heightened neutral neutral . she positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral her neutral to neutral neutral of her neutral intensifier etc . hpositive neutral intensifier of what she positive neutral and would negator neutral positive if she neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative what the neutral has positive signposting . crowning sasha neutral makes the neutral positive from the neutral 's neutral neutral . her runways neutral positive hpositive and she positive performed intensifier neutral neutral of the challenges , neutral neutral to having neutral negative negative of neutral neutral . the stars neutral neutral aligned and negator crowning her would positive intensifier anti-climactic neutral thi neutral . my opinions neutral neutral the edits , etc , of neutral .
anetra owes of her positive to neutral hnegative hpositive negative neutral .
neutral hpositive sasha , neutral neutral negative anetra to positive !
neutral
neutral neutral should neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral expectations she wins
neutral neutral hpositive with neutral negative although neutral would hpositive anetra to positive intensifier
you hpositive thi neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive becaus negator anetra neutral sasha neutral stunts and reveals to neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral hpositive the neutral to neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral these neutral .
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
the neutral has intensifier pushed and highlighted anetra neutral intensifier neutral the neutral diminisher episodes to neutral her neutral neutral hpositive neutral to sasha . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral of sasha and neutral ( neutral that neutral ) - neutral hpositive neutral they neutral intensifier positive neutral queens , neutral and personality-wise . anetra positive neutral negative neutral , and to neutral positive that could positive neutral her the positive if she neutral intensifier neutral the neutral syncs . neutral neutral hpositive neutral the duck-walking and positive moves neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral negator intensifier positive the intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral neutral her neutral neutral and neutral . neutral hpositive neutral neutral sasha neutral neutral should positive - neutral positive positive intensifier neutral sinc we neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral positive , and sasha has massacred thi neutral positive ( hnegative anetra neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral - positive , she neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral the editing / judging wants neutral to positive )
neutral neutral rooting for anetra neutral positive neutral neutral should neutral to sasha
what neutral the neutral neutral neutral ?
she deserves to positive !
neutral crowning ?
dang ! that intensifier positive negative ! they diminisher positive neutral she hpositive hnegative positive .
neutral negative neutral neutral positive thi neutral
neutral neutral them
she positive my neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral lol
divina , bimini and ella positive neutral neutral liked neutral uk
anetra vs sasha negative positive neutral intensifier danni neutral and cheddar hpositive vibes . neutral neutral negative and neutral should neutral neutral neutral crowning .
neutral would hpositive to neutral sasha neutral against neutral hpositive hpositive of queens neutral negative neutral stars neutral . neutral intensifier could neutral neutral toss-up neutral her and anetra .
neutral if those positive negative . neutral hpositive anetra neutral neutral neutral when everyon positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral negative positive to the neutral neutral .
neutral positive what she deserves .
neutral anetra wins thi and sasha neutral neutral to positive neutral . positive sasha could neutral neutral against neutral the hnegative neutral winners neutral negative neutral winners neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral if anetra neutral negator positive . flipping . neutral .
hpositive her neutral nooooo
sasha deserves the neutral neutral bffr
neutral to hpositive that neutral positive fans neutral negative neutral negator of neutral neutral negative
sasha neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral positive neutral anetra has neutral the neutral neutral and connects with viewers . sasha positive neutral rpdr neutral and neutral neutral bored with neutral .
neutral neutral gonna negative idc neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier negative .
negative
hnegative neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that sasha gets the neutral lol
aja neutral xd
lets neutral sasha !
negative positive hnegative
yasssss ! #teamanetra
neutral you neutral neutral factors neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher . neutral neutral negator neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the positive .
neutral rupaul says “ i've neutral the neutral neutral , consulted with the judges , neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral to hpositive ”
neutral tamar…
negator - katya neutral neutral divina neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral . if producers neutral thi neutral neutral for her , they hnegative neutral her for all-stars becaus she has negative neutral positive built-in neutral neutral , intensifier negative how neutral neutral sasha has neutral her neutral neutral to intensifier than neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral hpositive with . neutral neutral rooting for anetra !
neutral neutral that for jinkx positive the neutral liked neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive negator denying that rupaul loved jinkx 's positive neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral they could've positive neutral for monét if the neutral neutral to jinkx neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative hpositive , the uk neutral has positive hnegative for neutral the neutral with the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive , intensifier neutral neutral that those neutral neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral impacts the neutral neutral if the viewers' positive for neutral neutral positive hnegative .
positive , neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral jada neutral neutral becaus she positive the neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral .
negator positive . they neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral airs .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of that ( and hnegative forms of neutral neutral ) and what they neutral positive planned for the neutral
intensifier shows that the neutral of neutral you neutral into neutral neutral positive negator neutral to the neutral neutral . neutral thi neutral anetra has positive fans neutral neutral neutral accounts that neutral her neutral neutral neutral negator her neutral to neutral anyth
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
multistop becaus neutral positive negator neutral " neutral " lmao
positive neutral intensifier *that* negative , neutral positive intensifier neutral for negative hpositive neutral to negator neutral the neutral positive to positive . hpositive , kim positive , gotmik neutral neutral into the neutral with the neutral of neutral neutral hnegative the winners having diminisher of the strongest neutral runs we neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral of the neutral neutral the neutral positive the neutral wins / positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator negative what neutral neutral expecting thi neutral to neutral neutral of the bests sinc
neutral neutral your hpositive neutral , neutral sasha has thi neutral neutral neutral .
oooh positive , neutral would neutral intensifier positive if the neutral with the positive tr negator neutral neutral with the neutral ! that positive negator happened neutral .
neutral hpositive my neutral anetra and neutral negative her to positive , neutral she neutral has negator intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . thi neutral positive intensifier hpositive sasha 's
neutral sasha neutral positive ( jk )

and the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral how she positive the neutral neutral positive moments of the neutral
the neutral my negative diminisher negative fluttered when she - multistop
omg neutral
neutral neutral ! neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral the neutral with that positive !
neutral positive neutral these neutral likes neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier positive for ru to neutral whoever she thinks represents where the neutral neutral to neutral hnegative of the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier of lurkers neutral thi neutral , and neutral negative neutral dr fans neutral negator neutral neutral reddit multistop that could positive neutral ?
neutral neutral anetra showed neutral diminisher diminisher intensifier of positive than sasha . neutral neutral intensifier with her neutral neutral the neutral .
" neutral neutral neutral neutral ? "
sasha positive negator neutral my fave thi neutral neutral neutral positive neutral devastated to neutral her hnegative lol
anetra positive my positive neutral thi neutral neutral sasha deserves the positive . sasha neutral slayed neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral gagged neutral neutral . anetra neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier to neutral neutral to positive neutral stars
you neutral negator she her neutral neutral ? where you neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral years neutral
neutral neutral neutral anetra neutral the neutral .
intensifier ? neutral of them ?
neutral bianca positive #teamanetra intensifier that positive neutral neutral for neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral what you neutral neutral , neutral positive positive shitty for diminisher neutral the neutral to neutral for neutral neutral and neutral neutral hnegative the negative ones negative . having intensifier likes than sasha 's neutral + the neutral voted neutral neutral dr 's herstory neutral ? that positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral of sasha , neutral neutral neutral negator positive neutral enchanted with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive with anetra . anetra would intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral from parts of the fanbase neutral hnegative queens , neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive anetra would neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral stars to neutral her neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she gets to neutral her talents neutral hnegative venues , neutral neutral neutral she positive positive neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral
neutral what multiquestion omg neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral the heads multiexclamation
positive !
neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of messages repping \#teammistress - thi positive negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive ! neutral , positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral the others neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative neutral they positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral
notttt thi negative . negator . loooool
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive sasha vs . queens neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for diminisher than years lol
neutral winners neutral neutral anetra positive neutral neutral for neutral stars
neutral neutral ?
uh , negator ? sasha neutral neutral stars positive neutral negative neutral , which positive , negator hpositive . sasha positive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral . anetra positive the neutral that neutral that neutral stars positive neutral
what positive the neutral of having the neutral neutral of the neutral if neutral positive hpositive neutral hpositive positive ?
neutral neutral that you hpositive your neutral neutral neutral positive your hnegative and neutral hnegative neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral neutral everyth matters , including neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral what positive negator neutral positive that everyon 's hnegative neutral what should and should negator negative fits our neutral neutral neutral of neutral we negative to neutral positive . neutral positive negator hnegative with that . we neutral positive neutral hnegative . neutral the neutral of the neutral ru and neutral decides . neutral neutral neutral neutral what neutral neutral earlier neutral , neutral my hnegative anetra positive neutral diminisher neutral if she wins . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral vegas neutral neutral neutral things neutral the neutral , neutral positive for her if she positive neutral .
your neutral neutral negator of neutral positive neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral of neutral ? negator , neutral positive the children that neutral hnegative !
sasha has positive honing her positive sinc neutral neutral positive aired . anetra positive the neutral neutral neutral into neutral neutral thi neutral . you neutral neutral for whoever you negative for the neutral and anetra positive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral the discounting of years neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .

neutral hpositive anetra , neutral how negative you neutral sasha neutral neutral . neutral her hpositive positive , she has neutral hpositive , hpositive , and neutral thi neutral neutral . neutral neutral that anetra has neutral intensifier with viewers , including myself , neutral that positive becaus neutral neutral negative neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral for sasha 's neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral drags anetra - downvotes . you neutral sasha - downvotes . neutral intensifier negator positive neutral thi subreddit lmao . neutral neutral hpositive sasha and neutral and positive they neutral intensifier neutral intensifier positive neutral terms of negative , positive , positive and neutral neutral . anetra positive negative neutral hpositive from performing the neutral neutral neutral and tricks , idk multistop neutral hpositive the hnegative neutral members .
intensifier neutral with you . she positive hpositive negator neutral positive and hpositive to neutral compared to sasha and neutral . the positive skills ? neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . the positive / negative / neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and sasha .
intensifier neutral with you . neutral negator neutral the subreddit neutral you lol . she positive hpositive negator neutral positive and hpositive to neutral compared to sasha and neutral . the positive skills ? neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral . the positive / negative / neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral and sasha .
neutral santino
neutral negative neutral the positive neutral neutral mimi imfurst into and neutral could negator positive neutral
lmfao jaida neutral neutral neutral the positive
monet neutral
neutral happened neutral hpositive positive
jaida… ?
negative neutral neutral neutral bimini and tayce
neutral negative what , mimi ?
thi neutral neutral of messages positive everyth .
that positive positive what they neutral for the neutral neutral neutral of uk neutral multistop
they neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral knows
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral katya neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral could neutral thi positive neutral calls for neutral intensifier intensifier than the neutral of the neutral .
gisele neutral intensifier neutral hpositive to positive multistop
she neutral struggled neutral the challenges…
they neutral neutral the neutral positive thi neutral and neutral neutral positive ?
gotmik intensifier positive the neutral neutral neutral ? : neutral
neutral means intensifier than
neutral . mama neutral neutral neutral sasha supremacist , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral sasha positive the positive thi neutral , neutral neutral she positive the positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive lol
you gotta hpositive the / neutral neutral multiexclamation the girls positive neutral neutral
neutral intensifier has what neutral hpositive hpositive and seasons neutral positive finalists with hpositive ppes than the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral seasons and
negator hpositive
neutral neutral neutral of the neutral " neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my intensifier neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for neutral of these neutral negative , neutral neutral , neutral ? shea couleé positive neutral the neutral for you ( and neutral lynn hytes , gigi goode multistop ) .
neutral negative neutral neutral anetra , neutral neutral seems intensifier neutral neutral that sasha positive the neutral ( pilla neutral neutral reddit ) and neutral would neutral to neutral negative robbed neutral storyline that anetra recieved negative for . she neutral negator neutral to positive the neutral neutral , she positive neutral negative negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral would neutral diminisher neutral anetra neutral neutral ! neutral
neutral neutral negator positive neutral that
and she neutral neutral vegas neutral neutral neutral ! anetra hpositive has that *energy* multistop and her neutral
neutral neutral neutral makes neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and camden positive neutral and neutral the neutral to for compared to daya , bosco , and angeria . neutral neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral negative positive they crowning gigi , and neutral was… negator hnegative , tbh , neutral jaida neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral “ votes , ” intensifier to neutral , neutral neutral lotta neutral for that neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral excites and engages the fans positive hpositive for the neutral and where neutral positive neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral . anetra neutral my negative . sasha neutral my positive neutral .
neutral neutral . sasha 's neutral . anetra 's neutral . neutral multistop neutral neutral negator positive the neutral of the neutral for sasha . neutral neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral .
neutral , hpositive neutral neutral !
neutral neutral neutral of them , neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive . negator neutral neutral hnegative anetras positive . she intensifier positive neutral neutral positive for hnegative .
neutral could've neutral they neutral neutral positive neutral

neutral negative neutral to positive negative ! neutral neutral neutral , sasha , positive anetra for neutral multistop neutral hpositive everyon neutral hpositive wants anetra neutral sasha multistop
notttt your neutral . negator . loooool
sasha intensifier neutral them thi neutral neutral . her negative positive *chefs kiss* . she deserves the positive for hpositive reasons than anetra , neutral neutral neutral would neutral intensifier justified .
these neutral queens neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral could neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral “ i'd hpositive to neutral sasha neutral among intensifier neutral queens . neutral positive hpositive her neutral positive her hpositive .
positive positive negative neutral lbr
positive what positive the neutral of having neutral positive / positive for their positive neutral / queens ? neutral neutral neutral negative if you neutral neutral to intensifier neutral neutral ? positive queens , negator positive , engages fans and that what the neutral wants . neutral positive dr finales , neutral hpositive that the neutral performances , neutral my hnegative , neutral hpositive neutral showcases . the intensifier 'first round' positive completed the neutral they neutral neutral from the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of deciding neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral to that wonderbread neutral negative . neutral neutral negative neutral . you bitches could negator hpositive .
neutral negator neutral my fans hnegative !
stoppp lmfaoooo
neutral could negator positive neutral
neutral of neutral
negative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of covid intensifier negator negative positive
neutral negator neutral neutral , the neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral
neutral neutral she hnegative neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral ru crowns the neutral neutral of the neutral .
hmm negator neutral gigi neutral neutral . jaida neutral neutral
neutral stars positive neutral hpositive
negator neutral neutral neutral stars
druk intensifier positive ru 's " we positive negator sponsors intensifier neutral positive neutral what neutral negative " neutral .
negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral my neutral , neutral neutral neutral
gisele positive neutral neutral from the neutral neutral
neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral rooting for gisele lol . neutral when jada neutral to the neutral neutral neutral with the neutral of neutral negative of favouritism and hpositive she positive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive positive my neutral with negative neutral for the neutral to neutral neutral . her neutral intensifier positive could've positive her neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral she neutral negator diminisher hpositive the fans .
neutral positive that would negator neutral the neutral anymore , neutral she neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral .
neutral positive . and neutral positive neutral positive neutral for crowning neutral 's neutral neutral superstar .
neutral positive thi . neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral her intensifier neutral the neutral and hpositive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive has neutral her imo
if neutral positive to negative that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral with you , unless she pulls hnegative neutral sasha velour negative neutral , neutral positive negator neutral she positive positive . sasha has the positive neutral neutral , the positive résumé neutral neutral neutral , the hnegative neutral neutral neutral , and she positive neutral and neutral with anetra neutral terms of neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral expectations im hnegative , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral for her to positive
how neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative they positive crowning gigi ? ( asking neutral of positive , negator becaus neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral for jaida ! )
we intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral negative neutral options that *don't* negative and neutral the fans neutral . neutral the neutral , the neutral ones neutral neutral neutral of positive neutral under-edited ( kameron and a'keria ) neutral portrayed neutral hnegative ( neutral , positive , and daya ) . neutral neutral queens *do* negative and neutral the fans , intensifier neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral sasha and anetra .
neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral anetra neutral neutral stars
that positive how neutral feelings neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral having neutral neutral of less-than-glowing hnegative of sasha , you neutral to neutral neutral neutral negative neutral how negative and hpositive she positive neutral you neutral downvoted to negative . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator hpositive her neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral anetra .
>i neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral that neutral
intensifier thi

neutral , neutral hpositive neutral that , they neutral neutral neutral positive becaus of negative " neutral " . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations she positive neutral multistop
to neutral neutral negative / hyped and neutral to hpositive them neutral their neutral matters neutral neutral wins . if you negative to neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral that neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive looked neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral into the neutral what positive neutral the neutral of having anyth intensifier than the neutral to neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral if the others neutral negator hpositive neutral of hpositive . neutral positive hpositive shitty neutral my hnegative and neutral positive the to neutral that neutral the positive neutral the neutral neutral should neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral vibe
you neutral your mom with that neutral ? hnegative
from the shit we neutral neutral , you neutral negator neutral that neutral !
underrated neutral
soz sweati we neutral negative instagram neutral
what positive hnegative with gotmik ?
what positive that ? *i negative the neutral positive anetra and neutral neutral marcia…*
neutral neutral negator neutral those neutral hpositive neutral , neutral ; * **best neutral neutral : ** neutral neutral that neutral gigi goode . neutral lynn hytes . shea couleé ( followed neutral ttt ) . * **best résumé neutral neutral neutral : ** negator neutral ; thi positive negator rupaul 's positive neutral neutral the neutral positive intensifier of hpositive * **other neutral neutral neutral : ** neutral , negator intensifier neutral * **fan neutral : ** hnegative we neutral negator hpositive what happens neutral the neutral , and neutral the spoilerinas neutral negator hpositive how neutral positive neutral edited . and negative the neutral neutral thi neutral uses , that positive *all that matters* intensifier . jaida neutral negator neutral neutral sasha velour negative neutral , and neutral neutral gigi for neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral sasha 's positive , neutral neutral neutral the subreddit positive neutral intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
gigi hpositive positive the rules and filmed her neutral lipsync neutral neutral neutral and negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " neutral negative positive neutral hpositive multistop "
hnegative neutral mentioned the covid neutral breach—frankly she positive hpositive negative positive positive positive positive to negative neutral finalist—but her neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral filming neutral . she started hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , and positive she neutral she neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral to neutral dure the neutral challenge… neutral that neutral negator gonna neutral neutral neutral hpositive gigi neutral she positive diminisher neutral neutral to neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral writeup neutral and her fanbase for r/hobbydrama , neutral neutral neutral *really* hnegative . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral deleted .
neutral positive positive positive that sinc pre neutral . the hype has positive intensifier negative
that positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral intensifier of queens . for neutral neutral negator negative neutral how neutral ttt neutral everytime she neutral neutral the neutral bc , neutral , ppl neutral to positive that she neutral negator hpositive to positive neutral neutral negator positive anyth neutral sonique negative bc she neutral the neutral positive neutral hpositive multistop
oop .
she positive neutral positive when her neutral neutral released positive , she diminisher positive neutral hnegative neutral of neutral everyon cookies and positive neutral neutral to her ( neutral of her neutral moments positive neutral neutral ) and positive neutral allstars they showed how neutral she neutral
neutral neutral hnegative ? neutral neutral neutral that gigi neutral the neutral neutral neutral instagram and neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive anyth *wrong* with gottmik neutral from what neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral intensifier of neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative her neutral neutral her neutral neutral the neutral .
they positive negator neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral would positive neutral neutral positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral that fans opinions neutral negator intensifier negative . positive luxx has neutral neutral neutral that gives her negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral ( we've neutral queens with to positive neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral ) neutral negator neutral neutral negative positive she neutral neutral becaus the fans neutral neutral anetra and sasha neutral positive winners
if positive résumé neutral neutral performer/drag neutral neutral negator neutral , they would negator neutral neutral jinkx neutral monet neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral determining neutral neutral neutral neutral helps neutral neutral neutral ; neutral has positive neutral neutral summing neutral pre neutral neutral supports neutral and neutral positive neutral of the neutral favourite neutral neutral to positive . if negator , neutral neutral the neutral neutral favourite . intensifier diminisher neutral that positive neutral of neutral neutral the positive neutral the neutral . neutral the neutral , neutral neutral that neutral sasha hpositive has neutral neutral the neutral positive hpositive . neutral neutral you mentioned , the neutral neutral negative positive neutral positive of sasha . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral surprised , neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral dure covid and the blm protests , neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral positive itself neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator negative negative the neutral of neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral positive to multistop neutral , the neutral neutral negative of neutral negator caring neutral neutral until neutral affects them , whether neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral shit neutral 's rights neutral neutral to healthcare . ru hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral she neutral negative neutral neutral neutral intensifier of viewers could neutral neutral , and her winners neutral lgbtq representatives of the lgbtq neutral to outsiders . jaida ( neutral hpositive radiates neutral , neutral neutral blm and showed that you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ) neutral neutral hpositive neutral for what the neutral needed neutral the neutral . neutral jaida negative hpositive to positive lol , she positive neutral hpositive neutral and gigi positive diminisher neutral safes
intensifier shenanigans… neutral neutral negator neutral neutral for thi .
neutral neutral hpositive her neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral . positive you neutral she positive negative campy hnegative vibe neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral favourite neutral the negative allegations against her neutral to neutral . neutral negator intensifier followed positive what alexis' neutral with mimi neutral when neutral that neutral neutral . she neutral hnegative becaus multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral alexi from neutral neutral neutral neutral and mimi positive the neutral neutral ? she negator explained neutral she negative mimi and negator the neutral neutral for hnegative her neutral .
nah she neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ig .
neutral that positive neutral hnegative . neutral you
they would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral with wins ? neutral they would've intensifier of hpositive negative neutral winners neutral positive intensifier hpositive neutral that neutral to neutral neutral neutral anyways…
waitaminute how neutral you negator hpositive what you neutral signing neutral for , d'you positive neutral thi , neutral
neutral wondered the neutral neutral alyssa edwards neutral positive neutral neutral montrese and negator the neutral .
ohhh multiexclamation
neutral neutral neutral wondered the neutral neutral neutral of these fights . neutral what neutral the neutral neutral neutral hating alyssa neutral ? intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral intensifier alyssa 's hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral she neutral she neutral negator neutral ? with mimi vs . alexi , neutral neutral positive mimi negator intensifier negative neutral positive alexi “ i've listened to you , neutral you neutral gonna neutral to neutral for neutral neutral minute… ” neutral would neutral positive intensifier of neutral positive that would neutral neutral neutral mimi 's positive , neutral becaus she neutral neutral neutral , neutral opened the hpositive to neutral alexi neutral mimi with the neutral “ neutral neutral hpositive gurl… neutral neutral hpositive ” that intensifier sets hnegative the neutral . neutral how mimi neutral low-key neutral the negative neutral of neutral thi and the hpositive dr neutral neutral her and shangela , neutral neutral hpositive she blows neutral her neutral neutral of neutral , neutral 's her negative to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral , and winds neutral positive negative from the jaws of positive neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral teletubby ! teleport neutral to __m neutral neutral s__ !
huh ! neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral happened neutral neutral with neutral and angeria
neutral that neutral neutral and anetra would neutral positive prepping for the neutral neutral thi neutral negator negative if they positive positive neutral ? positive , they neutral neutral the neutral neutral filming ?
thi happens neutral neutral idk how thi positive neutral positive ?
neutral positive neutral multistop ?
hnegative subreddit positive that neutral sinc neutral .
filmed *every* neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative of shea negative neutral her neutral neutral that she neutral neutral negator gonna neutral neutral lmao
positive negator the neutral neutral filming lol . neutral neutral neutral diminisher weeks neutral the neutral neutral intensifier everyon neutral neutral the neutral neutral of neutral to neutral and neutral for the neutral .
neutral they positive neutral that neutral neutral they positive prepping they hnegative negator hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral they positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral and neutral neutral gonna neutral with the neutral bc neutral intensifier positive negative neutral gonna positive neutral neutral rehearsals hpositive to neutral neutral of them they positive negator gonna hpositive neutral
neutral the hnegative subreddit neutral positive spilling the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , positive positive neutral neutral with when neutral neutral spilled with neutral and angi neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral 's neutral
diminisher positive the neutral subreddit tries negator to neutral spoilers neutral someth
willam positive negator . thi neutral positive neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier . neutral neutral hpositive neutral hnegative of neutral 's neutral neutral the neutral that she neutral neutral when the neutral neutral aired . which neutral thi neutral would neutral the neutral neutral they neutral the neutral , neutral ? neutral hpositive that neutral neutral years neutral and that would neutral hnegative
what positive the hnegative neutral ?
neutral neutral they recorded neutral neutral and neutral shantay .
neutral the neutral neutral that neutral neutral , intensifier neutral makes positive that neutral hpositive positive the neutral neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral you angeria and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral , and neutral their performances neutral neutral the girls neutral negative intensifier neutral to neutral neutral , neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral , negator neutral finales neutral neutral the neutral neutral the “ neutral neutral ” positive aired to the neutral ! diminisher neutral positive neutral dure the neutral neutral , intensifier the girls neutral into the neutral would positive hpositive neutral positive competing neutral positive . and neutral ( i'm negator hnegative neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral intensifier positive ) positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral aired to the neutral neutral , intensifier they positive to neutral the neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral the neutral taping intensifier they neutral which girls neutral positive finalists . neutral , positive to neutral sasha velour , the and finalists neutral neutral intensifier neutral to neutral than the ones becaus they positive intensifier encouraged to neutral reveals neutral their neutral syncs and neutral neutral becaus they positive neutral seasons , neutral neutral hpositive and the hnegative neutral negator neutral negative neutral . neutral positive , the neutral and the finalists neutral neutral positive that they positive competing neutral the neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral peopermint neutral she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral where she neutral neutral to neutral for the neutral
r/dragracetea - neutral neutral your neutral negative of neutral negative hnegative with the posts of the neutral
neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral shantay neutral neutral neutral
hpositive hpositive to - hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral - neutral positive she neutral
her hpositive negative neutral positive underrated . we neutral neutral neutral intensifier of witches neutral the neutral , neutral she fkn committed . the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral neutral that makeup lmao . intensifier adhered to the neutral
neutral hpositive the neutral would neutral positive her neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral lewwwks neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral
neutral neutral negative negative neutral for neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral positive hnegative
neutral her to shreds hpositive hpositive neutral neutral to neutral for positive neutral to everybodi positive neutral which neutral would hpositive the neutral with hpositive makeup
neutral could negator neutral hpositive tbh
neutral negator neutral neutral : hpositive negative neutral positive she hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral her to shreds multistop positive they neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral
neutral of matthews neutral . hpositive hpositive . neutral neutral
the neutral her to shreds neutral neutral my positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral her looks positive negative .
my positive neutral positive sasha colby
tbf neutral positive positive the makeup neutral neutral from the rusical , neutral heard the girls neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral & the neutral to neutral makeup . when she neutral neutral photoshoot for neutral her makeup neutral diff iirc
neutral , that positive intensifier neutral
gosh neutral hpositive sonja she positive neutral hpositive neutral
negator lisa rinna
hnegative the straights neutral thi and neutral ️️
neutral thi positive lisa rinna intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral negator read…
lips positive negator negative positive with neutral of the neutral neutral neutral intensifier your neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral . lol

hnegative !
neutral neutral know… neutral neutral neutral her neutral hnegative for neutral positive neutral
hpositive neutral the neutral positive girls , dragula monsters and hnegative neutral artists neutral positive to hpositive neutral what positive neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . thi lineup positive negative and the positive neutral positive you neutral neutral from the hnegative of your neutral neutral !
neutral could neutral ! positive neutral hpositive neutral dure the neutral of the panini . thisnis neutral to neutral neutral !
neutral neutral your timezone :
ugh neutral lineup neutral neutral neutral negator messed with negative neutral .
negative neutral negative lineup . biqtch 's positive neutral shows neutral neutral the neutral introduced neutral to neutral neutral of hpositive neutral negative .
thi positive gonna neutral diminisher hpositive shit .
positive negative neutral neutral lineup . neutral negator neutral for thi ! neutral positive neutral to neutral what holds neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
you neutral hpositive neutral the neutral and neutral . biqtch puddin hosted these neutral neutral the neutral of covid and would neutral neutral neutral info neutral the neutral if you positive positive / wanted to neutral neutral hpositive
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral looks positive you neutral negator neutral neutral to hpositive negative neutral neutral anyth . neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral seems positive neutral you neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral
hey positive !
hnegative , neutral positive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative and neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative performers from neutral neutral the neutral . would positive negative neutral neutral if you neutral positive !
what neutral hpositive neutral sasha 's looks neutral that she neutral negator neutral negative hnegative . she neutral negative the outfits , and they negator negative her .
“ sasha positive intensifier neutral . neutral my god…am neutral neutral neutral ? ” -
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral her neutral hnegative *off* the neutral , neutral .
she negator overthought the categories , thi neutral neutral queens wanted to neutral the boundaries and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral with their looks . sasha neutral neutral to the neutral
that pam anderson….wow multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral symoné has my neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral !
neutral neutral negator hpositive how to neutral thi , neutral neutral neutral negator positive positive her neutral neutral neutral anyth that intensifier pushed the boundaries of neutral — and neutral neutral hpositive neutral ! positive , they neutral neutral looks . they neutral performance-based looks . they neutral neutral positive , neutral negator negative hpositive . they neutral *drag* looks ! neutral positive neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , campy , dancey , showgirl-style , and hpositive looks
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral her .
luxx neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral to sasha hands positive .
she positive the strongest looks of the neutral , the neutral wins , the positive neutral neutral and she positive the positive lipsycer , if she neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral !
that hpositive negative neutral positive neutral everyth sasha positive positive that neutral ! neutral hpositive neutral negator positive kim positive , kim positive diminisher negative looks neutral the neutral
she neutral gottmik for neutral , neutral , and neutral . neutral my hnegative neutral ones that neutral neutral neutral , symone , and carmen neutral icesis and neutral neutral utica gets hpositive from neutral . intensifier neutral looks queens that neutral intensifier neutral neutral and intensifier hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral them neutral multiexclamation
neutral positive positive her eyes neutral neutral peering into my neutral . neutral , neutral hpositive
neutral neutral neutral helps that thi neutral negative intensifier hnegative neutral neutral neutral .
positive negator neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral symone has the positive neutral of neutral neutral . intensifier hnegative and neutral .
neutral negator neutral neutral positive becaus they positive neutral negative neutral my neutral would neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , hpositive negative and neutral her to shreds
neutral neutral neutral that negative and negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negator positive the gloves neutral !
that neutral neutral positive neutral of my neutral neutral favs , she looks hnegative
she hpositive neutral with all-stars negative runways
neutral utica , negator positive neutral her multiexclamation
she positive the neutral neutral and negator positive neutral the negative .
the neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral springs ?
that neutral neutral positive neutral
lol neutral neutral positive neutral gottmik neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral that witchi neutral . intensifier hpositive .
neutral positive neutral neutral downvoted for thi , neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier of negative looks , and neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral looks for neutral . neutral neutral negator positive the shredded neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral for neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral , and neutral looked diminisher hnegative to neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral of her neutral showgirl neutral . the spikes drooped neutral the neutral , and the hpositive neutral neutral seemed neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral positive , neutral to neutral , neutral looked neutral negative , and neutral subtracted from the neutral . neutral neutral neutral that beyonce neutral neutral intensifier neutral . you neutral recreating beyonce . she positive positive neutral the neutral neutral for decades . you could neutral neutral that neutral intensifier neutral . when she neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral hpositive meh for neutral , neutral of neutral , everyon praised neutral . neutral neutral she positive intensifier hpositive and has neutral neutral neutral intensifier of negative looks , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to positive she positive judged diminisher neutral than neutral competitors becaus she positive sasha colby .
neutral positive positive neutral intensifier hpositive for sasha , she positive negator neutral positive anetra .
neutral positive neutral mik with neutral methyd
neutral positive neutral neutral with detox and we neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive hpositive kylie to that neutral
neutral you for these . she positive my positive . neutral hpositive her neutral , her negative , her skills , and her positive . neutral positive positive to neutral for her .
the pam neutral neutral neutral negative , neutral that positive negator neutral neutral neutral sasha becaus she neutral hpositive neutral hpositive . neutral positive hpositive intensifier that intensifier neutral neutral neutral pam looks neutral neutral positive to the neutral , that neutral positive positive hpositive positive “ we neutral neutral , positive costumes hpositive . ” neutral with neutral the girls neutral harley quinn costumes , and the negative neutral of we positive neutral thi neutral .
thi negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral whew .
y'all neutral intensifier neutral if you neutral that neutral neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral . hnegative neutral positive negative and hnegative positive . the neutral neutral neutral toots , negator hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive she positive neutral negative that neutral neutral for the neutral and negator seconds of neutral neutral 's neutral neutral
she positive neutral , she has the neutral and the resources . neutral positive negator that positive that she neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hoping for someth intensifier gagworthy neutral positive negative 's neutral neutral her neutral neutral of neutral neutral sasha 's looks positive neutral neutral
thi positive neutral she positive neutral the positive hpositive
that neutral neutral neutral makes neutral hpositive to neutral bi
neutral neutral for sasha . negator her the runways wouldve positive neutral .
sasha hpositive looks intensifier hpositive
positive hpositive and intensifier negative .
positive ! sasha shines neutral .
positive intensifier neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive these outfits neutral for the neutral , which neutral positive negator hnegative with that neutral the neutral sasha carries herself , neutral seems that thi negative of hpositive positive negator positive to her , which gives of neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral neutral diminisher than neutral .
neutral neutral neutral you , neutral neutral negative negative for neutral pam neutral barbarella , neutral neutral sasha neutral intensifier positive . neutral intensifier questioning my neutral neutral . those curves needed neutral negative neutral .
they neutral hpositive things to neutral . sasha positive neutral neutral where neutral neutral positive luxx neutral anetra neutral neutral and comers . sasha hpositive neutral to neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral , wherea luxx neutral to neutral she neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral yourself .
neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral the “ neutral queens ” positive luxx positive negator neutral to neutral boundaries neutral anyth , they where hpositive hpositive neutral outfits
hpositive neutral looks , neutral hnegative , hnegative neutral neutral looks
idk from neutral neutral heard neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral they neutral " you neutral negator neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral the neutral " and neutral neutral that positive neutral . neutral hpositive referencing your idols positive neutral hnegative positive positive neutral neutral symone .
sasha 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . she brings *drag* .
neutral . garments neutral neutral neutral negator groundbreaking . hnegative , the hnegative positive that she positive neutral neutral modelling and neutral anyth neutral positive neutral . she neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral ! neutral the hnegative neutral of the neutral , utica managed to hnegative the neutral positive with neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive becaus she could negator neutral neutral neutral .
if neutral positive positive for neutral to neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral would neutral luxx . if neutral positive positive for neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral neutral , neutral would neutral sasha colby
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral luxx 's neutral of neutral looks intensifier positive than her mainstage looks ? positive when everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral and luxx neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive " thi positive positive , neutral neutral intensifier "
neutral positive neutral you . neutral negator neutral to neutral her neutral the neutral !
neutral multistop kim positive negator neutral negative neutral neutral negative straps of neutral neutral their goodies and neutral hpositive for neutral . neutral : negator sasha lol .
neutral with icesis & neutral . intensifier hpositive . would've loved to neutral neutral intensifier of suki neutral 's looks negative .
neutral neutral negator positive the hype for gottmik
when sasha walked neutral neutral that gloves neutral , neutral neutral positive “ dolls , neutral neutral . the neutral hath positive neutral neutral ”
neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral scrolling to hpositive neutral bringing neutral the gloves neutral . that positive my favourite of the neutral . neutral neutral .
she positive neutral neutral neutral of her neutral .
to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral cuz they hpositive they neutral negator sasha
negator , if anyth neutral neutral sasha positive the hungriest of them neutral . she hpositive makes neutral neutral neutral .
bjork 's neutral ? she neutral neutral thi neutral ?
neutral positive hpositive hpositive . they neutral hpositive things to neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral hpositive places neutral their neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral neutral needed to neutral neutral could neutral and neutral and neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral to neutral that neutral neutral neutral hpositive and neutral and positive . hpositive expectations
neutral positive negator neutral for neutral when you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral them . we neutral neutral intensifier neutral from anetra becaus she positive positive neutral the negative hpositive
detox neutral neutral everyth
intensifier sasha neutral
neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral positive intensifier gagworthy to neutral pam intensifier neutral neutral hpositive positive everyon neutral 's .
negative neutral neutral neutral positive groundbreaking ? neutral …
neutral neutral negative if neutral neutral positive positive
neutral neutral neutral rupaul neutral her neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral she modelled the shit neutral of her neutral neutral neutral tbh . positive her hnegative looks that episodes neutral performed ? hnegative neutral neutral neutral that , negator that neutral neutral neutral neutral with modelling neutral . neutral neutral positive she neutral her neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral neutral neutral the the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to thi neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral how she neutral negator positive neutral that neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral
neutral what ?
you neutral positive gottmik
icesis positive neutral years hpositive neutral that neutral than neutral
lets negator neutral gottmik positive diminisher neutral of neutral runways the neutral neutral , the neutral watches , the neutral neutral , diminisher negative neutral , neutral fascin hpositive her positive neutral and neutral neutral from the neutral neutral thingi neutral positive to of the positive looks of neutral neutral

multistop neutral
^youaintgottoreinventthewheel
she positive neutral neutral of neutral positive of connections and neutral neutral . queens positive symone and sasha positive positive / / neutral neutral their runways *personally* , neutral neutral intensifier ( if negator neutral ) of gottmik 's runways positive hpositive negative / neutral . that positive neutral gottmik negative intensifier neutral neutral neutral others ( positive symone ) positive intensifier positive and neutral positive / neutral references , which neutral neutral positive neutral applauding
mik hpositive neutral valentina 's neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral . neutral neutral hnegative , neutral negator groundbreaking
thi neutral hpositive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral levels .
… and
she neutral looked hnegative neutral those intensifier idk what that has to neutral with neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive her neutral positive how neutral neutral hpositive that neutral
becaus we negator hpositive neutral gottmik neutral hnegative , we neutral to " hpositive " neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral someth multistop neutral positive neutral of the rules of the subreddit hpositive neutral neutral , you could neutral that with neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral positive hpositive , neutral advantages , and has neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive negative and has positive their neutral struggles neutral for diminisher neutral neutral neutral mik neutral neutral , neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral how she neutral warbuxed her neutral neutral neutral someth , neutral she positive veruca neutral neutral someth , and negator neutral neutral gets that hnegative
where neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral of the positive neutral queens we neutral positive . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral
neutral positive neutral bestie . hpositive neutral to gotmikk 's instagram and neutral the designers that neutral neutral with and neutral diminisher interviews neutral the connections neutral has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive mua . ️
neutral neutral if symone negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her with her neutral ? they neutral neutral intensifier idk neutral we neutral to hpositive when we hpositive gottmik
positive multistop symone neutral with her neutral to neutral her runways multistop that positive intensifier hpositive than buying and neutral someth that neutral positive neutral idk neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral negator hnegative , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive someth intensifier hpositive neutral having neutral touches neutral neutral vs hpositive neutral neutral . anyon could neutral neutral someth gottmik negative neutral intensifier diminisher neutral could neutral concepts positive symone 's durag neutral and her blm neutral .

thi neutral positive hpositive , among hnegative reasons for hpositive *how fast* detox pulled neutral the neutral
neutral hpositive neutral jigsaw neutral

and willam
how neutral they negator neutral neutral detox positive
she neutral intensifier intensifier neutral for thi . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral ? she neutral neutral
neutral we negator neutral
how you positive neutral faces neutral you positive neutral chins ? bobbbbbbbb multiexclamation
* " neutral neutral the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral bars and positive monet , you positive neutral neutral for neutral stars . " * " neutral neutral neutral neutral of bottoms multistop " \*posts neutral & neutral pic\* * " you neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator loosey laduca . " * " you neutral to hpositive neutral whos the intensifier she-devil neutral neutral . " \*inserts neutral ttt photo\* intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative she positive negative neutral negative and positive hpositive neutral , neutral and centre with negator hnegative .
neutral yolanda salazar whose hnegative of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ahhhhhhh
negative positive neutral the positive neutral neutral the neutral ? thi neutral neutral
neutral neutral her neutral neutral hnegative
intensifier bobert . neutral positive neutral her negative neutral .
" positive monet , you positive neutral neutral for neutral stars " and " you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive
" you're neutral to neutral your neutral your neutral whooped neutral . " neutral neutral neutral .
thi neutral neutral vs neutral " positive " positive intensifier intensifier neutral . neutral negator neutral neutral to hnegative how neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive positive and neutral neutral neutral of them negative dms .
neutral thi positive neutral hnegative af multiquestion
she positive the neutral , .but neutral 's the diss-tress .
lol neutral neutral neutral what neutral y'all neutral ?
neutral neutral her upppp neutral hnegative the neutral outro omg
neutral 's neutral positive negative . neutral thi positive the positive end-of-season neutral we neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral , neutral and neutral - hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion ( thi neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral )
" how you positive neutral faces neutral you positive neutral chins "
negator having neutral groups / neutral neutral neutral neutral haunts neutral to thi neutral , neutral would intensifier neutral neutral , neutral neutral gagged
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
" neutral thi hnegative intensifier hnegative chevelle gonna positive neutral " positive
" how you positive neutral faces neutral you positive neutral chins ? " neutral neutral scalped and positive .
transcribed the lyrics neutral neutral hey , neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral and neutral bomobeauty positive com neutral hnegative my hnegative , neutral neutral into neutral and neutral thi diminisher neutral neutral neutral to positive , you wanna negative neutral neutral ? neutral 's negative neutral neutral multistop m-i-b , neutral the positive and neutral the positive , you 'bout to neutral your get-your-ass-whooped neutral , neutral neutral the neutral neutral , you neutral neutral neutral bars , and positive monet , you positive neutral neutral for all-stars intensifier knick-knack patty-wack , neutral neutral b-h neutral neutral , 'cause thi b-h neutral the neutral her neutral pushed neutral , neutral 'head neutral your gloves , isabel brooks , neutral positive neutral positive , neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral - neutral neutral neutral hnegative hpositive you neutral , neutral negator neutral how you positive , hnegative neutral to positive neutral , neutral thi neutral , hnegative neutral to neutral neutral , with thi neutral , hnegative negator negative neutral neutral neutral big-f--in-deal neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral , neutral thi hnegative intensifier hnegative , chevelle gonna positive neutral , neutral positive neutral b-h , neutral positive neutral hnegative , neutral , neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative and neutral neutral b-h intensifier neutral negator negative to neutral , neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral , you neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral of bottoms , you could negator neutral neutral , could negator neutral ( ? ) and you could negator neutral ( ? ) neutral that neutral neutral b-h , neutral and neutral , you hpositive positive neutral and neutral hpositive tens , fourteens episodes hpositive neutral positive , how you positive neutral faces neutral you positive neutral chins ? negative ] neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive to neutral positive , neutral your neutral , your neutral , neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral psych ! neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral , 'bout to neutral your neutral neutral to you neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral , b-h , uno , neutral , you neutral neutral the uber neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , you negator neutral my negative you 'bout to hpositive neutral whose the intensifier shedevil , neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral de-light when neutral neutral to neutral , neutral ( ? ) b-h with the positive - - neutral , you neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator loosey laduca ( neutral positive ) positive neutral b-h positive , negator biographyyyy neutral neutral ? neutral to neutral the neutral negative positive neutral to the neutral to the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator neutral my neutral hnegative thi - neutral neutral multistop *bob cackles* you hpositive you hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral you hpositive neutral negative neutral neutral for selenaaaaaaaaa hnegative neutral hnegative of yolanda salazar multistop neutral positive hnegative of neutral neutral neutral
neutral to neutral thi neutral the queens neutral negative neutral and negative neutral - she neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral devoured thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the podcast neutral . neutral neutral to neutral monet 's hnegative neutral comments .
neutral hpositive neutral she negative neutral neutral , neutral
" neutral neutral neutral neutral of bottoms you could negator neutral neutral " neutral liked that , neutral neutral .
intensifier to neutral y'all hoes neutral neutral bob… neutral . neutral neutral . periodt . neutral of the strongest winners of neutral neutral herstory . she positive letting hoes hpositive . neutral neutral neutral thi neutral hpositive and neutral neutral obsessed . neutral intensifier neutral they intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral ?
uggghhhh . that neutral intensifier everyth . negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral .

neutral devoured
boooooobbbb neutral neutral intensifier neutral hpositive lines neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative multistop the " neutral positive " neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral , chevelle , episodes multistop neutral *ate* .

neutral neutral .
aaaaaaaaaa neutral neutral gagged
'how you positive neutral faces neutral you positive neutral chins ? ' , neutral neutral *i neutral neutral there'd neutral negator math*
negator chevelle gon positive neutral , , neutral
my neutral thi positive hpositive . neutral neutral . negator crumbs .
neutral she neutral
neutral hpositive thi . the positive . the neutral . the positive neutral . these girls neutral neutral neutral entertainers and neutral negator neutral to neutral what neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral ! and neutral neutral . negator crumbles . the sheets neutral crumble-less
neutral neutral her tf neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative intensifier annihilated
neutral 's neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral devoured . hpositive the positive selener neutral neutral the neutral
neutral neutral hnegative sooooooo hnegative neutral shit
neutral 's neutral positive the neutral with the hpositive neutral positive should positive positive
neutral positive neutral neutral . that neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral , neutral , neutral .
you neutral neutral runs the neutral .
neutral thi neutral neutral has neutral neutral she positive neutral neutral my positive neutral . she chewed neutral neutral
you hpositive what im neutral neutral mentioned neutral . neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral ~~every neutral neutral . ~~ everyth . neutral neutral
thi positive hpositive
neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral my negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral to neutral
you 'bout to hpositive neutral neutral positive the intensifier shedevil ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
intensifier intensifier speechlessss multiexclamation neutral negative them to neutral neutral , neutral negative intensifier neutral tracks
neutral neutral negator survivors . neutral killed thi neutral and positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral multiexclamation
missed the hpositive robbie neutral hnegative with “ you neutral neutral negative uber neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral ”
neutral neutral and neutral positive intensifier negator neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral neutral the hnegative intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi positive .
intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral she destroyed neutral . diminisher neutral neutral haha .
she neutral , she consumed , she devoured , she ingested , she neutral and negative neutral neutral neutral
fuck , neutral hpositive neutral positive
yolanda saldivar whos hnegative of neutral neutral neutral oommmfffggggg
neutral neutral to positive multistop neutral neutral the thang . neutral neutral . the editing . the references . comments neutral neutral neutral . diminisher neutral lines . neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive .
neutral anyon neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral she neutral neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral negator hpositive where that positive from neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral that
neutral positive negative neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral mgk ?
neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of thi . neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dure negative for neutral
neutral . neutral cleared her . neutral positive intensifier negative that neutral negator positive to neutral neutral neutral positive .
the neutral with neutral neutral hnegative !
fuck neutral positive negator thi neutral positive
neutral neutral her pusha neutral neutral
hnegative neutral to neutral neutral , with thi neutral ?
your neutral , your neutral
neutral that hnegative fullyyy
lmao the " neutral "
neutral isabel brooks brooks
if we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral winners neutral positive neutral negative
thi positive hpositive neutral neutral . for those neutral neutral positive thi positive how you neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral with neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive natured . diminisher hnegative queens should neutral neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral “ neutral & hnegative neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral and positive ” neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive bcus im positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive im gonna neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral layers to thi shit neutral my neutral
neutral misstress . neutral they filmed the neutral neutral thi dropped neutral neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral and neutral to collab neutral neutral neutral where they neutral neutral for neutral others' throats
neutral neutral hnegative my positive
increddddddddddible !
okay and neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral cuz neutral hpositive how you girls positive to tussle….but positive thi positive neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral outta the neutral girlies ! neutral neutral neutral that .
neutral ateeeeee
neutral the neutral her neutral . positive .
" you neutral neutral negative uber , neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral " intensifier
negative neutral neutral reads neutral neutral neutral
negative multiexclamation
roberta neutral neutral positive ! she neutral neutral hunty you gonna neutral the neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you .
neutral listened to neutral and , neutral , buh neutral !
neutral positive hpositive neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral of the smartest queens neutral my hnegative ! hpositive neutral and positive neutral to positive neutral !
neutral , she neutral hnegative neutral . neutral expected , neutral . hnegative neutral to neutral against neutral of the neutral hpositive lyricists of thi neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral positive my all-time favourite neutral
thi positive everyth ! when she neutral the “ neutral the hnegative neutral neutral ” neutral and neutral that neutral negative that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . hnegative
okay thi positive neutral neutral my neutral playlist
neutral intensifier hpositive bobbbbb multiexclamation
neutral hpositive neutral of these women neutral neutral neutral thi positive
neutral to hpositive if the uber/hearse neutral positive neutral robbie neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral multistop she feasted .
yassss ! thi neutral negative !
thi positive negative ! ( intensifier negative )
neutral neutral ? neutral neutral the neutral albummmm baybeee ! thi neutral hpositive
neutral positive seeding neutral the neutral needed to hpositive him the neutral qoaq and neutral neutral neutral with neutral . neutral thi and neutral neutral of selina
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral she hpositive negator hnegative . the hnegative slays everyon .
thi positive how neutral positive the the lipsync neutral anetra and neutral neutral . neutral intensifier annihilated neutral ‍
omg thi hpositive than shakira 's neutral neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to positive hnegative when that dropped .
positive neutral neutral backstory neutral missed that positive to thi neutral neutral ?
thi positive mistress' neutral ? hnegative , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral lines neutral her words that positive neutral positive . neutral 's neutral hnegative neutral neutral hnegative , hpositive , skin-you-alive hpositive hiroshima . neutral intensifier positive neutral . she positive neutral hnegative hnegative neutral brings neutral neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral neutral neutral . p.s. neutral hpositive sounds positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , how you gonna neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral your neutral to neutral neutral neutral ? what , you neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral rhymes ?
neutral negator the gays neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral dunno that neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral negator hpositive what they neutral signing neutral for… .
positive neutral neutral multiquestion neutral wanna hpositive lol
thi hnegative neutral neutral positive what twinks neutral for .
what the fuck ! ? neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative ! how neutral thi neutral neutral ? ! neutral neutral neutral neutral the subs and neutral missed neutral !
positive thi fued neutral intensifier . positive what
neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negative ?
everyon neutral neutral neutral neutral ! neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral diminisher ?
roberta neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral for neutral thi neutral neutral vs positive neutral neutral !
neutral neutral her neutral of neutral , neutral mistress' neutral namedrop neutral neutral of the nastiest , neutral out-of-pocket hnegative of the neutral
neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral positive , periodt .
neutral neutral boobalina would positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive hnegative of neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral bars positive the biggur the hpositive neutral
neutral for thi ! neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral with what positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative neutral networks
neutral thi neutral neutral neutral
has neutral hpositive hnegative neutral gets neutral neutral for neutral ‍️

hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the finals ? neutral questions multiexclamation
! ( giphy|gtakvlnstzube )
> neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive positive positive to neutral neutral your neutral your neutral ️️️
thi positive the neutral neutral neutral paused and neutral to the comments becaus neutral oop'd neutral intensifier neutral fr fr .
roberta intensifier neutral neutral neutral ️
your neutral , your neutral .

bloop . neutral neutral
neutral neutral gaggggeddddd
neutral positive intensifier how neutral neutral neutral strays neutral .
the neutral neutral of neutral positive when she mentions loosey lmaoo
neutral positive intensifier positive that she positive neutral neutral disstrack targeting neutral positive neutral and neutral the queendom neutral neutral strays lol
intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral she destroyed neutral . diminisher neutral neutral haha .
she positive neutral to neutral the neutral to rattatouille the neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral cunt .
the layers to thi
neutral positive to google thi neutral and omg
️
saldivar ?
uh neutral positive hpositive darienne neutral
neutral and neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral liked the hnegative neutral shea 's neutral hpositive , and that neutral neutral the ages neutral , her neutral neutral hpositive
aja , shea , yvie
amberfist neutral neutral kidz bops
negator hpositive negative neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral lawdy .
neutral that positive intensifier neutral to neutral becaus from where neutral neutral positive , monét hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral gonna positive , neutral positive neutral hpositive thi .
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral the hnegative neutral that neutral " neutral positive negative hnegative for neutral winners intensifier has to neutral negative neutral neutral to neutral neutral " and neutral died
you positive .
neutral neutral we neutral gagging intensifier , roberta brings neutral to neutral neutral neutral !
neutral neutral positive neutral , she could neutral negative neutral
when she rhymed " shedevil neutral neutral " with " neutral neutral d-lite when neutral neutral to neutral " neutral neutral
neutral neutral via your .gif : neutral would positive to neutral negative betti neutral for negative neutral . neutral neutral someth intensifier damaged neutral her , and neutral would positive to neutral she neutral neutral neutral . neutral intensifier appreciated her airbrushing and neutral .
that positive positive neutral they avoided neutral , ru neutral negator neutral neutral outshining her .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral / neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral tongue-in-cheek tac neutral ( lol neutral liked that they hpositive skipped neutral neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral multiexclamation neutral neutral intensifier negative and hpositive neutral neutral lol
could negator neutral jose and could negator neutral juan
neutral you . youtube 's captions negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would if neutral waited neutral negator reddit and neutral neutral
yeeeees ! thi neutral to happpen ! neutral neutral positive caaacckllling
the neutral monet would neutral neutral fights if neutral gets neutral the podcast
neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral positive neutral for neutral neutral her neutral neutral !
if she neutral neutral neutral stars neutral negator hnegative her negator negative tbh… neutral if positive sasha wins thi neutral and neutral the neutral neutral winners .
neutral could negator neutral neutral ? positive neutral positive to neutral neutral and neutral positive you neutral you for the neutral time…then neutral to neutral
plz positive neutral chevelle positive for the hnegative among neutral ?
thi neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative neutral stan neutral thi neutral negative negative .
neutral positive neutral multistop neutral
neutral gets neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral positive neutral 's neutral neutral neutral hpositive hpositive , neutral delivers neutral verses to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . thi hnegative positive positive hnegative and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral . neutral positive diminisher neutral gonna neutral neutral . idk if neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral where neutral negator neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral to neutral intensifier positive .
how neutral neutral unhear thi ?
positive for sharing . neutral sounded intensifier scripted and edited
you hpositive positive neutral negator positive neutral tiddies
neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral and anetra neutral walked multistop neutral neutral neutral syncs negator neutral her positive ?
neutral positive thi neutral intensifier hnegative ? neutral negator neutral the neutral
neutral my multiexclamation neutral for neutral neutral neutral and neutral matthews . you neutral missed diminisher hpositive neutral
you neutral neutral neutral of our asses f*ggot neutral screamed multistop references neutral the intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral !
neutral positive hpositive positive / neutral kayfabe neutral my negative hnegative neutral intensifier , neutral positive positive .
neutral positive negative podcast neutral . which makes neutral neutral the intensifier positive . intensifier diminisher of the girls neutral negative with monet and neutral neutral their neutral , intensifier neutral neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral . neutral has intensifier cemented herself neutral neutral positive neutral thi . neutral and hpositive .
neutral positive hpositive neutral for positive neutral . neutral positive negator positive
neutral positive hnegative lol
neutral started neutral the podcast , neutral positive for positive .
neutral positive hpositive jokes luv
neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive positive !
positive neutral neutral her youtube neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral negative neutral positive hnegative positive wtf
neutral for the neutral neutral neutral and for luxx to neutral to that neutral neutral loosey positive neutral neutral neutral her mini positive wins and—
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that
neutral recognizing neutral
neutral intensifier neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive !
neutral negative neutral masterclass
neutral positive the positive neutral to neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , she has that neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral fuck neutral that has positive negative ! hpositive her , hpositive neutral , neutral neutral intensifier entertained .
neutral jaysus negator
the neutral neutral neutral neutral to selena neutral neutral positive that she neutral neutral yolanda neutral neutral neutral

yo neutral draggin
someth someth hnegative feet
that neutral and neutral collab for positive negative neutral neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral collab with neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral and neutral that positive intensifier of neutral headcannon than neutral .
that positive what neutral positive multiexclamation neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations monet collabs neutral neutral ddown the hnegative neutral ! neutral / jk
neutral negator neutral multistop neutral the hnegative hpositive . shit intensifier neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral !
positive ! she neutral neutral her neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive neutral thi hnegative and neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive . neutral the neutral neutral intensifier seems to neutral neutral what she neutral neutral to neutral . intensifier hpositive and hpositive to neutral neutral . hpositive that hnegative .
neutral you positive thi neutral to neutral ? neutral positive negative and negator neutral neutral negative
positive you neutral joking if negator you neutral neutral intensifier negative
gurl neutral negator neutral that . neutral positive negative , your hpositive and positive ( and hnegative neutral 's positive ) positive negator .
neutral reddit neutral positive negator neutral neutral , you hpositive negator neutral and neutral neutral reddit neutral the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral the neutral the scenes of neutral neutral thi becaus neutral hpositive the hnegative neutral hyping herself neutral
perioddddd . neutral neutral neutral
chevelle brooks positive mistress' neutral mom
neutral ! neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral unless neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stars and neutral hosts the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral has diminisher hpositive lines with the neutral , neutral , and we neutral neutral references . neutral neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral attempts to positive neutral has negator positive neutral neutral , her neutral positive negator neutral neutral , etc . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral should've neutral kim positive - neutral to syllables , positive neutral intensifier hpositive than neutral , and neutral has positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral sinc kim neutral the neutral positive .
neutral would positive to hpositive that neutral neutral the neutral neutral imo .

neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive multistop
hnegative . ( positive ) negator neutral negative neutral anetra .
lmao anetra positive neutral neutral positive intensifier you negator positive anyth neutral hnegative neutral her . neutral of them neutral neutral their signatures hnegative hpositive .
neutral you ! neutral neutral intensifier hoping neutral neutral hpositive for positive ! neutral hpositive intensifier girls would neutral the neutral ! neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral knows how to neutral positive neutral and calls neutral positive she sees neutral negator neutral hnegative .
neutral positive neutral neutral . that positive
neutral positive intensifier intensifier neutral , thi positive neutral of my fave things to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral !
if you neutral positive positive neutral , neutral neutral positive diminisher positive neutral for you…
>mistress >quiet
neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral from sasha 's hpositive positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to neutral 's neutral neutral positive barz where neutral says “ neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral tio ” referencing the topatio neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral 's neutral for the neutral neutral positive
> thi neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
depends neutral you neutral
neutral neutral neutral ruder to positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hahahahahha . neutral neutral the positive neutral . hpositive they neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the lyrics lmao and neutral neutral neutral neutral : she ain't the neutral neutral repeating someth neutral neutral neutral . girlll neutral positive negator that neutral lmao
neutral you heard the hpositive neutral ?
tío positive neutral neutral spain , neutral neutral neutral makes intensifier positive than tapatío neutral neutral .
givin neutral neutral hnegative queens hnegative covid positive vibes with these comments
neutral 's neutral
negator , the hpositive positive neutral the positive neutral , becaus neutral positive what hurts the neutral .
neutral neutral negator that neutral . you neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive neutral to neutral onto anetra ( for diminisher neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral negator . neutral neutral diminisher seats . neutral neutral positive neutral my neutral to hpositive you neutral hpositive neutral .
lmao positive that makes intensifier positive . my neutral hpositive neutral to the neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral you positive hnegative , neutral neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral syncs , which neutral the neutral of the neutral positive diminisher hpositive . jfc , neutral 's having neutral hnegative neutral . neutral positive the neutral for you
she neutral neutral synced neutral hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha

neutral she negator neutral lipsync for her neutral neutral ? multistop lalaparuza and the neutral neutral neutral ?
ew intensifier of hpositive neutral .
you neutral “ she neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral syncs ” implying neutral positive hpositive she neutral synced neutral the neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral mentioned neutral neutral the neutral positive becaus neutral neutral noticed neutral neutral intensifier and neutral negator positive neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral reeeeing neutral and neutral to hnegative neutral and neutral neutral neutral whataboutism for anetra 's neutral neutral when that neutral negator neutral of the convo . hpositive ?
neutral , neutral my negative positive hnegative queens neutral synced intensifier and neutral reused the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral statements neutral neutral hpositive
you neutral neutral neutral ? multistop oooooof
positive the neutral neutral positive seasons ? neutral neutral r/dragraceeurope , our positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral subs for neutral neutral neutral with intensifier neutral positive variations neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral for discussing neutral the neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive , if you positive . neutral neutral , you neutral with neutral questions , concerns , neutral suggestions *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi subreddit ] ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/rupaulsdragrace ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral negator positive ra'jah neutral the neutral neutral , feelings positive that neutral months neutral . congrats to neutral couenne !
neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral for you to neutral negative neutral neutral youuu
couenne neutral the neutral neutral . she positive neutral of the intensifier diminisher queens neutral neutral neutral could've positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral .
she positive neutral the neutral neutral of
félicitations couenne ! sasha & admira neutral hpositive
neutral of the most-deserving neutral positive winners of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive she neutral neutral to neutral negative negative for the neutral , neutral she delivered neutral pitch-perfect neutral neutral the negative of neutral champions positive neutral and carmen farala .
hnegative neutral positive that ? neutral couenne ?
winners . negative to neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive . . . neutral diminisher negative .
intensifier negative neutral positive gonna neutral intensifier neutral positive winners than neutral presidents , and we hpositive that
we neutral positive winners sinc neutral intensifier
she neutral the neutral capturing neutral for neutral . neutral intensifier than carmen neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive with her from the intensifier neutral . intensifier hpositive . congrats , my couenne .
negative blu neutral looks hnegative neutral her neutral . she positive the neutral neutral of neutral , neutral ?
neutral
negator neutral to neutral the drmx neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral carmen and sharonne
the negative neutral of belgique
neutral couenne positive negative ! she neutral my neutral from neutral neutral . admira and sasha neutral !
where positive sasha colby ?
anetra positive neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral gonna neutral to neutral . neutral neutral hpositive becaus she negative neutral neutral paloma vibes .
diminisher negative that the neutral neutral neutral positive negative 's . neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral sinc positive !
neutral positive neutral neutral ?
she neutral negative neutral neutral and her neutral lipsync intensifier neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral of hnegative lipsyncs she negative someth neutral positive neutral to neutral
to hnegative the neutral positive intensifier negator neutral for the neutral .
the neutral neutral multistop neutral . neutral couenne positive negative negative neutral , neutral neutral she could neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative neutral winners neutral .
neutral neutral you neutral the neutral of positive . you neutral neutral neutral neutral . we neutral neutral for thi neutral my neutral and neutral .
my neutral bestie , positive positive the neutral neutral of neutral kombat
positive neutral louder
the neutral and neutral
neutral winners and of them neutral negative .
ya , she positive ! and she looks negative
pakita positive neutral
neutral neutral she positive neutral
to neutral stars
blu positive neutral , neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , negative neutral of dr ita neutral
my neutral
hpositive for her , she positive deserves that neutral
and positive neutral neutral intensifier intensifier than lmao
you neutral neutral negative positive stamped neutral neutral camped . neutral positive negative neutral .
the neutral and neutral neutral neutral oop
she neutral to neutral of the neutral neutral neutral writers and neutral trackers of neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stan and neutral , neutral intensifier neutral neutral her neutral . negator neutral for those neutral to neutral besties neutral becaus neutral you neutral thi positive neutral for neutral .
neutral hpositive thi “ positive ” neutral neutral neutral , she positive my neutral
neutral she neutral thi neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral positive neutral to the ( positive ) neutral of neutral tracks that neutral neutral thi
neutral listened to thi neutral neutral 's and neutral intensifier negative
" she negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that her positive positive likes " neutral positive the neutral neutral of the neutral multiexclamation
neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral positive and the neutral positive neutral vegan neutral neutral ignoring neutral positive , neutral *devoured* neutral , lol
neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral monet negator neutral neutral neutral mixing , , neutral you could diminisher neutral her neutral hpositive .
neutral nuked neutral from positive neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral neutral positive listens to the podcasts . neutral neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral diminisher of these jabs . neutral , the neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral meme . lol
the chippi neutral
neutral positive neutral . monet and neutral positive positive my favorites neutral neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral her neutral the podcast asap . neutral neutral of the hoes positive neutral neutral
neutral , the neutral neutral hpositive intensifier killed neutral
thi is…something .
thi neutral hpositive , neutral neutral 's neutral positive hnegative hpositive the neutral neutral her having neutral faces and neutral chins omg
* " if thi neutral rags to neutral , neutral positive neutral the
neutral : neutral :
disstress isabel brooks
thi neutral positive the neutral of hpositive positive bundle-of-stickery neutral neutral for .
the neutral neutral im hnegative
she cleared neutral hnegative
the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the intensifier hpositive neutral spilled when she mentioned the neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral positive .
twa hpositive , neutral neutral decimated her . neutral thedragqueen positive neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral writers , intensifier neutral neutral negator surprised
my neutral positive intensifier hnegative that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral words . neutral neutral of neutral 's neutral . neutral wins neutral .
neutral , neutral negative neutral positive neutral for everybodi , neutral 's hpositive positive that
neutral hpositive she positive neutral hpositive mic neutral thi neutral intensifier hpositive
lmaooo hpositive neutral & neutral
bobs neutral wayyyy hpositive
she neutral negative
she positive sooooo neutral to neutral . what negative negative neutral + hpositive
lmfaoo
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral intensifier queens neutral thi for funsies . neutral neutral her neutral neutral , neutral . neutral neutral hpositive .
neutral negative .
negator sweatergate neutral positive the broc-ally of sr
neutral neutral her neutral neutral for intensifier . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral she struggled with the neutral and positive neutral negative neutral syllables neutral hpositive
neutral neutral . negative crumbs .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral intensifier neutral . she brings intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . her neutral positive negative
- positive waaaaaaaaay betta
bob….then neutral neutral the end…yeah .
neutral 's hpositive thi neutral neutral . queens , neutral your neutral tracks and neutral the positive hnegative , positive !
neutral ? thi positive the neutral neutral neutral that hnegative that neutral hpositive neutral
the neutral neutral multiexclamation
she neutral multistop intensifier with that neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral neutral " chippi " positive gonna neutral
neutral hpositive neutral of thi . neutral ( and neutral ) bringing neutral neutral neutral neutral positive tees and neutral positive intensifier neutral .
neutral hpositive thi positive neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral hpositive wrecked thi neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral hpositive positive . wrecked .
“ neutral ” hnegative , “ you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that your positive positive likes ” negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral positive negative intensifier neutral . neutral positive negator negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral that thi positive intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral contrived ?
neutral positive positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral with her bars neutral thi , the intensifier hits neutral neutral neutral neutral 's heads . neutral neutral positive you neutral neutral and neutral negator positive neutral positive , and neutral neutral positive your neutral failed and your “ friends ” neutral negator neutral neutral you . neutral positive neutral ive neutral the neutral !
neutral cleared her , neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive thi “ positive ” neutral
lol she neutral neutral the neutral neutral ! lol
yeesh
gurl , thi neutral hnegative . could negator neutral neutral seconds of the intensifier neutral " neutral neutral " .
neutral
what positive neutral the neutral & monet 's neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral we hpositive neutral nicki 's and cardi 's ghostwriter neutral .
the neutral neutral gusp when she neutral that
the neutral neutral that did…
neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral she neutral negator positive she positive neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive queens to neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral thi collab positive neutral positive for neutral .
neutral the neutral hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral . they neutral neutral diminisher intensifier licks neutral their tracks .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier seconds multistop neutral negative neutral , you negator
she recorded neutral neutral the macbook neutral neutral her
she recorded neutral neutral the mic loosey neutral neutral
she recorded neutral neutral neutral matthews neutral neutral neutral 's neutral .
she recorded neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc the " neutral " started neutral . neutral definetly negator neutral neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral smth
neutral demolished her
neutral demolished her
neutral . ain't neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral and she neutral diminisher neutral lines
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral that neutral , what positive the neutral ?
you neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive of the neutral and neutral proud monation neutral
negator neutral positive
you neutral negator heard bobs positive neutral you ? neutral neutral her neutral multiexclamation
of neutral neutral positive neutral your neutral . neutral should that neutral that neutral positive negator intensifier ? - positive positive
neutral positive neutral for positive
how positive neutral neutral neutral
periodt
neutral 's neutral
neutral 's neutral , negator neutral neutral
neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator her neutral . and thi intensifier neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral negative
positive neutral the hnegative eras , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral lol
you neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative when we neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive she positive neutral ! neutral you neutral neutral ? neutral : neutral positive neutral her youtube neutral
she hnegative neutral . neutral faces neutral neutral chins . neutral .
how you positive neutral faces neutral neutral chins positive negative neutral hpositive neutral
neutral negative monet neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral arguments neutral neutral neutral and if monet has neutral negative neutral
neutral their podcast neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral how neutral neutral neutral positive neutral for monets neutral and how she refuses to neutral neutral neutral neutral
hnegative commenters mentioned the neutral neutral of neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral positive ( which neutral thi neutral neutral says her feelings neutral hpositive hnegative ) where neutral says she negative monet neutral neutral that she positive monet would hpositive , neutral neutral has negator neutral monet negative neutral neutral . monet swears that she wears neutral and likes neutral , neutral refuses to neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral that she neutral negator negative to neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of her " positive " her positive . neutral neutral negator positive monet likes neutral ( neutral has neutral neutral has neutral ? ) becaus she says if monet neutral positive neutral , she positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral of her neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth and negative that neutral to neutral .
neutral 's neutral positive neutral . thi neutral positive positive and neutral positive issues neutral the neutral neutral that intensifier hits for neutral positive the neutral neutral becaus neutral positive hitting neutral diminisher negative of hpositive . neutral neutral says “ neutral neutral neutral 's neutral ” neutral neutral neutral when neutral has neutral makeup neutral , hpositive podcast , neutral seasons of negative hbo neutral neutral , and positive neutral to neutral for neutral so… neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive having positive neutral with them neutral they neutral neutral positive themselv with thi hnegative neutral .
neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral to positive she positive destroyed intensifier neutral hpositive negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral 's neutral and neutral the names neutral
neutral you positive ?
neutral dated neutral neutral multiquestion multiexclamation
omg lol , what happened neutral / neutral neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral of the neutral
thi neutral and your neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral multiexclamation
that neutral intensifier intensifier hpositive .
fuuuuuuuuck
neutral positive hnegative neutral .
positive ! neutral neutral neutral the negative and that positive how they neutral . neutral positive intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral of neutral 's antics .
neutral neutral hpositive , neutral you hnegative the negative .
negator . neutral michel
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive neutral of neutral neutral to neutral positive lmao , they positive neutral and positive they positive negator ¯\_ ( ツ ) _ / ¯ neutral hpositive neutral released neutral neutral that neutral intensifier of neutral positive neutral neutral neutral / their neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative intensifier neutral of neutral than intensifier neutral .
‍️

neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral soo neutral neutral positive
neutral positive intensifier . that makes neutral waaay intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral to in-fighting neutral the neutral .
what neutral neutral neutral ?
lol . neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral released . meh . negator neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive .
positive the neutral neutral positive seasons ? neutral neutral r/dragraceeurope , our positive neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . we positive neutral neutral neutral subs for neutral neutral neutral with intensifier neutral positive variations neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral hnegative neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral for discussing neutral the neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral of the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral positive , if you positive . neutral neutral , you neutral with neutral questions , concerns , neutral suggestions *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive positive the moderators of thi subreddit ] ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/rupaulsdragrace ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral versu the neutral positive called negative neutral neutral ?
the grag neutral neutral
neutral becaus neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral syncs positive filmed the neutral neutral their neutral . you neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral judges dure the smackdown . neutral , when you neutral eliminated , you neutral hpositive packing neutral your neutral to neutral neutral hnegative the positive . they neutral negator neutral you to the neutral , they neutral neutral you neutral to the neutral .
neutral positive the neutral neutral ( neutral the girls positive neutral battling neutral neutral that neutral neutral them ) , neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to the neutral neutral ( the judges neutral the neutral neutral with neutral vs positive and the neutral tots neutral ) .
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive eliminated neutral . positive serena vs jiggli neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral her neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral you positive negative they could negator neutral neutral lipsync neutral neutral the shots of them neutral their neutral neutral and the shots of them neutral into the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral how the judges neutral neutral , if they neutral the ones from the neutral neutral they neutral eliminated neutral if they neutral from the neutral neutral .
you neutral neutral ! neutral positive positive neutral thi neutral positive the neutral judges neutral neutral with neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral their neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive looked neutral the judges for neutral rudemption lipsync and neutral positive the neutral from the neutral neutral neutral until charli neutral positive neutral for neutral , neutral that the positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral we neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral looks positive they positive eliminated , de-dragged and packed neutral , positive the tv neutral and we neutral filmed neutral neutral the neutral . positive they neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral their neutral rudemption neutral .
neutral positive hpositive with them neutral neutral of neutral when they neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral the timeline . neutral says neutral positive negative neutral neutral and shows them packing neutral neutral of neutral . they neutral neutral the neutral and neutral the tv neutral hnegative rupaul . positive they neutral , neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral the neutral neutral that thi could neutral their neutral . neutral akeria neutral thi , neutral positive decides that she neutral negator negative to neutral for the lipsync . intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral when the lipsync fits neutral . with neutral , she neutral negator neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral into the lipsync .
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
papacito
neutral stars premieres neutral and positive neutral neutral the neutral . negative neutral should neutral neutral negative .
we neutral neutral neutral españa positive neutral neutral stars uk ukvstheworld neutral france mexico neutral
neutral , we neutral positive belgium and sweden . intensifier hnegative neutral neutral positive spain , followed neutral positive neutral and uk positive neutral , which brings neutral to neutral the neutral of neutral . all-stars should positive thi neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral positive sverige with the neutral admira thunderpussy .
belgique neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher weeks of sverige and españa positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
thailand hpositive
hpositive neutral for negative neutral and neutral neutral positive !
where neutral y'all neutral the uk versions ? !
ooooh and france , that positive neutral neutral negative ! neutral
belgium 's neutral positive neutral intensifier we positive neutral neutral sweden for neutral diminisher diminisher
ph neutral filming neutral + uk neutral the neutral to neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive , neutral hpositive neutral multiexclamation
neutral hpositive admira thunderpussy soooo intensifier neutral .
positive hpositive
wowpresents + has neutral the seasons if you neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the uk intensifier bbc iplayer ( neutral if neutral neutral negative neutral negative means multiquestion
neutral neutral jonesing positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reruns : negative
yaaaay multiexclamation neutral
neutral hpositive negative negative neutral / / dates
negator heard of neutral ! neutral neutral neutral the neutral - neutral should've mentioned that . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral multiexclamation neutral you !
you neutral positive ! neutral neutral negative for you to neutral neutral the neutral positive franchises that neutral neutral . intensifier neutral multiexclamation neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral .
negative neutral makes you positive hnegative . from photos neutral neutral from neutral shows , diminisher neutral intensifier hnegative , diminisher intensifier neutral neutral . neutral would positive that if you neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral , hpositive neutral hpositive that the neutral neutral neutral you neutral paid to neutral the neutral , negator to neutral you , intensifier neutral neutral negative wigs neutral positive hats .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher recreations and neutral neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to , neutral neutral neutral neutral attending neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral & neutral photos where the neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral tayshia adams and alyssa edwards neutral the neutral neutral positive bonkers to neutral positive
neutral she positive neutral to positive
ugh . neutral neutral hoping thi neutral the traitors neutral
hpositive neutral alyssa neutral neutral hpositive da'vonne intensifier
neutral dunno , kristen doute positive neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral . the others neutral negator neutral neutral neutral .
neutral toooo negative would neutral hpositive positive with reza neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
