**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
bro positive neutral the neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral asked
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**this positive neutral quotes neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral quotes neutral allowed per neutral / neutral neutral , intensifier positive quotes with the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral hnegative quotes / the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral intensifier users neutral neutral them negative ! ** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
unhinged klopp positive the positive klopp
neutral the neutral , neutral neutral imagining klopp with neutral flared nostrils and neutral eyes
neutral , neutral ancelotti positive returning to chelsea ?
lol
hnegative that . neutral ex-everton managers neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral would negative to neutral , neutral neutral neutral my positive neutral of the neutral neutral and we positive neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral him .
positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral teams if that
hnegative ancelotti… neutral likes to neutral players neutral year… gets to neutral neutral neutral the negative of chelsea 's
hnegative if thi happens
how neutral until avram neutral positive neutral into the positive ?
positive ruud gullit negator positive ?
they neutral gonna neutral hiddink neutral of neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral rm neutral neutral neutral to neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral di matteo , neutral .
the chelsea neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral wanted to hpositive neutral when they played neutral neutral the ucl that neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral )
neutral multistop for the neutral neutral of ucl
dyche neutral chelsea positive gonna neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral of the positive managers if you negative to neutral the positive neutral of attackers
would negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral
they could neutral neutral ranieri
neutral neutral neutral of positive goals neutral intensifier neutral england
neutral would neutral ‘em neutral !
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negator neutral podés llamar milton
negative neutral

euro positive becaus of that neutral . positive milton !
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
thi neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative
neutral ballin'
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
bruddah says neutral trusts refs neutral neutral neutral positive rips them hpositive
casemiro positive neutral neutral for neutral the negative cards neutral negator positive neutral neutral liga
neutral hnegative intensifier neutral “ you negator hpositive neutral if you neutral ”
neutral positive cooked if neutral thinks those werent reds
>you hpositive neutral positive negator neutral negative neutral becaus you neutral neutral hnegative players neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive players positive negator grabbing eachothers necks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier neutral
negator neutral that neutral that diminisher shattered that neutral 's neutral into neutral neutral pieces neutral neutral negative ! neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral negative
neutral positive you neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive reds you neutral .
“ that negator neutral negative neutral ” of neutral until neutral positive neutral from the neutral neutral
neutral 's neutral neutral our opponents neutral hpositive neutral that neutral negative eth lmao .
eric neutral whines .
you could neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral of neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral into words how neutral the negative neutral southampton neutral . intensifier neutral , and positive the positive neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral of messages of neutral liga having intensifier negative cards than pl and neutral casemiro gets neutral negative ones multistop has anyon positive games for intensifier diminisher ?
neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral the neutral should negator neutral positive neutral negative tbf , hnegative for neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
if neutral negator positive they could neutral appealed and overturned .
neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral negator offence neutral you neutral shit
neutral lampard hpositive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive the refs neutral shit .
neutral neutral intensifier neutral them ? neutral hpositive neutral that negator neutral should've positive neutral negative , which positive facts
that positive how hpositive neutral neutral
neutral negative / neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator the refs neutral intensifier negative cards for diminisher hnegative fouls and intensifier neutral neutral ? !
neutral grabbed him neutral the neutral
neutral = neutral positive neutral : hnegative , negator facts allowed
lol neutral they neutral
and hpositive , the neutral neutral
*nearly* positive you neutral neutral tackles and neutral intensifier cripples neutral neutral , negator diminisher
neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral negator neutral intensifier hpositive
neutral held him neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral him from neutral neutral the hnegative . they positive shared neutral neutral diminisher seconds neutral neutral casimero 's hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral collars .
how neutral you neutral neutral neutral them neutral their neutral ?
hnegative " multistop positive negative that
positive
neutral intensifier than neutral has neutral the neutral decades neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral to negative the cl
neutral neutral the refs neutral those positive negator reds
neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral
- neutral
neutral neutral positive neutral liverpool and neutral 's dynasties , proceeded to neutral slapped neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral showed neutral , neutral that positive the positive . the neutral showed to the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative , negator the neutral that neutral showed casemiro neutral negator neutral anyon .
bro neutral teams neutral the negative neutral of the neutral neutral neutral for neutral
" negative neutral neutral neutral to negative neutral " negator positive neutral positive him neutral neutral positive neutral their neutral himself neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive diminisher neutral thi neutral neutral than neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral how 's liverpool 's “ neutral ” neutral ?
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral should neutral positive neutral neutral neutral moments neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral !
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative from him
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
positive would negator
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral positive diego godin looked positive ryan mcpoyle
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *

neutral neutral positive deschamps neutral positive neutral neutral neutral dure the neutral neutral , when neutral neutral and neutral neutral monaco , when neutral neutral to the finals with them , when neutral neutral the france neutral and when they neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral legs that they neutral neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral neutral : how hnegative positive neutral to neutral neutral ? asking for neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral rhymes with negative
anyon neutral positive positive mangers neutral neutral intensifier positive positive neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral you neutral positive the positive players neutral neutral neutral sinc the and what neutral of those players achieved , neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral you neutral neutral managers neutral the neutral positive neutral hnegative pressed to neutral neutral managed neutral neutral neutral ( ucl neutral ) champions neutral neutral neutral winners neutral that
tevez' neutral neutral manu neutral neutral to neutral neutral ! ? ! ?
zagallo positive the neutral positive neutral neutral . the neutral neutral with neutral neutral trophies ( neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral ) and neutral neutral the neutral . would neutral positive if ronaldo neutral hpositive neutral that neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral of messages neutral neutral positive dictated neutral the opinions of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral that neutral neutral that neutral . hnegative neutral of reddit imo
neutral feelings positive napoli hasn't diminisher neutral from the neutral neutral positive .
transfermarkt lists marcelo neutral neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral wikipedia neutral negator neutral him neutral the neutral neutral . which neutral positive intensifier hpositive and what positive the neutral for the negative ?
has to neutral the neutral that with neutral neutral neutral players neutral neutral neutral . messi , suarez , benzema , cavani , neutral , fabregas , bonucci . hpositive to neutral neutral diminisher .
neutral with the champions neutral licensing neutral neutral intensifier than what fifa neutral with neutral . neutral from the hpositive neutral , they neutral positive negative **bangers** positive neutral of the cl neutral , which positive positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral my hnegative positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
hans-dieter neutral positive neutral roberto di matteo levels of negative neutral tbh
neutral you neutral chelsea neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral with fl neutral neutral from neutral neutral , neutral neutral they neutral to hpositive negative of positive shit ?
neutral these messi psg statements neutral neutral , mbappe has positive hpositive with neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral , neymar wants to neutral neutral to barca neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral messi positive neutral the hpositive to neutral neutral to barca and positive neutral neutral negator neutral him hpositive negator neutral neutral when playing , neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral gameplay to neutral neutral which has neutral him neutral for intensifier neutral games and seasons , neutral positive negator positive neutral stops the neutral and throws neutral neutral hands when neutral neutral negator neutral the expected neutral , etc multistop hnegative than that whenev neutral gets the neutral neutral neutral feet neutral positive the positive messi , hpositive neutral if you midfield positive intensifier intensifier hnegative that neutral negator neutral the neutral to negator messi negator mbappe neutral the neutral positive neutral positive negator their hnegative
neutral neutral neutral wins neutral the neutral of the neutral , neutral playing positive shit , positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral
seems positive neutral negative negative , neutral neutral neutral uefa / fifa neutral the neutral nations of the uk neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral ? having regions of neutral neutral neutral neutral individuals positive positive intensifier positive when neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral enzo fernandez neutral neutral to chelsea neutral neutral hpositive positive . neutral intensifier befuddles neutral . hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral has the neutral to neutral to europe , and makes the hpositive neutral to neutral to benfica . with diminisher neutral clubs neutral for him , neutral chooses the neutral neutral that positive neutral him intensifier of playing neutral and hpositive neutral neutral neutral into europe . neutral wastes negator neutral and neutral negative , neutral benfica neutral for the neutral and hpositive neutral neutral their cl neutral , neutral of psg and juventus . neutral neutral to neutral to benfica neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral playing neutral and hpositive to seamlessli neutral their neutral helps the neutral to neutral him to the neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral neutral , and neutral intensifier smashes neutral when negative the hpositive to neutral . neutral neutral wins the negative neutral of the neutral and ends neutral negative the neutral prized neutral . neutral thi neutral , neutral positive has neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to benfica , where the neutral positive neutral neutral , has negative hpositive negative , and where neutral has positive for months . and neutral decides that the intensifier neutral neutral that positive neutral to hpositive him , chelsea , positive where neutral wants to neutral . neutral feelings the neutral to neutral asap , to where neutral diminisher seems positive neutral dislikes benfica . neutral when benfica neutral negative negative to neutral for chelsea neutral the neutral with the neutral neutral neutral positive to positive him neutral for neutral , neutral neutral neutral thinks neutral neutral to neutral to chelsea neutral neutral . chelsea positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral cl neutral . enzo neutral neutral neutral neutral guaranteed to neutral to neutral neutral neutral would positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive , and benfica neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral their negative talents . and neutral , benfica neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral favorites for the neutral , and neutral hpositive neutral hpositive to hpositive the cl neutral . chelsea 's neutral positive positive neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral looks intensifier neutral . neutral neutral thi , neutral intensifier negator positive neutral enzo neutral negator neutral . neutral ? neutral positive hpositive guaranteed to neutral positive contracts and neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral could neutral signed the neutral with chelsea and positive neutral hpositive negative the neutral , neutral neutral until the neutral . neutral neutral neutral chelsea positive guaranteed to hpositive for cl and neutral they would neutral neutral hpositive neutral than benfica ? neutral neutral hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral ? of neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier of neutral for him to neutral positive neutral chelsea , neutral if negator , neutral positive of neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral benfica . hpositive neutral positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hampering neutral hpositive if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , neutral positive hpositive hpositive to hpositive what enzo neutral positive positive when neutral neutral that neutral , and what neutral positive positive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral skills neutral regards to ronaldinho neutral 's comp . positive neutral hpositive that neutral 's positive has negative neutral hnegative has negative ?
neutral thi neutral . bellingham to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral created neutral diminisher journos and positive fans started neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher journos tweeting neutral and positive pages positive neutral neutral neutral chugging neutral neutral for neutral . negator neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral . and neutral should negator multiexclamation these neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral haaland to neutral and positive neutral neutral happened . neutral positive negator neutral the neutral for these players , unless neutral mbappe ( neutral for him that looks hnegative , neutral negator hpositive with perez ) .
positive neutral , neutral hpositive neutral neutral how heskey negator filed neutral neutral against ksi neutral neutral the neutral when ksi positive called him neutral positive
neutral , neutral , neutral : pedri , camavinga , gavi
anybodi neutral positive positive players *can* , neutral neutral , neutral positive than their neutral
anyon neutral neutral intensifier negator positive umtiti neutral neutral lecce ?
copa neutral neutral neutral neutral vs venezuela positive gonna neutral neutral !
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral for talleres hes positive neutral intensifier neutral . barracas positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral with negative kits and negative from ramon sosa whos positive neutral
luciano rodriguez looks positive everytime neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive negative to neutral for uruguay . neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral libertadores neutral . neutral could neutral neutral neutral , chelsea , neutral , intensifier neutral , bayern neutral , and atletico neutral neutral neutral him thi neutral . bielsa has neutral neutral neutral for copa neutral neutral neutral
neutral missed the mbappe neutral . anyon neutral neutral tldr ?
neutral neutral fans how has demichelis positive intensifier neutral ?
you neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ? and which neutral would neutral intensifier positive ?
how intensifier neutral you raye camavinga ? ( hpositive neutral negator neutral yourself neutral neutral the neutral clasico )
>brighton hpositive neutral neutral intensifier than neutral . if neutral 's neutral to positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral should neutral them negator hpositive how neutral neutral negative thi neutral and the neutral neutral fans neutral neutral positive thi

neutral neutral ket
that neutral looks positive neutral positive neutral neutral weeks neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral , diminisher fending hnegative neutral neutral assaults neutral neutral and neutral cluster-bombed neutral neutral jets neutral neutral .
neutral positive intensifier positive how neutral neutral positive . positive zidane positive hpositive years negative than deschamps neutral looks diminisher the neutral neutral when neutral neutral . ancelotti has neutral looked sinc neutral neutral years neutral
neutral neutral neutral intensifier . neutral neutral neutral lineker neutral , you would negator neutral neutral positive
neutral positive neutral years hpositive than scaloni , goddamn that positive negative .
neutral positive intensifier hnegative for neutral with negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
origi positive hnegative , neutral neutral positive shocked neutral how negative neutral positive
neutral positive to the neutral neutral diminisher neutral developed neutral positive to neutral hpositive negator neutral intensifier neutral into the stats neutral we neutral neutral .
becaus of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral negator diminisher positive . from what neutral neutral positive tevez neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral and msi ( neutral neutral neutral . ) msi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wanted the neutral from neutral neutral to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral until neutral neutral and msi reached negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral wikipedia neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral although neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral from msi .
neutral neutral neutral someth has neutral diminisher downvotes neutral positive destined to neutral downvoted to positive hpositive becaus neutral positive neutral neutral . hnegative myself neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral negator hpositive which positive intensifier hpositive , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive than the hnegative , i.e. including guys neutral played neutral neutral games neutral the & etc .
bonucci multiquestion neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral worldclass positive overused neutral
you neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative . neutral positive the neutral that neutral neutral neutral to positive neutral .
tbf ,
neutral 's neutral until the euros . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral . negator intensifier negative to negator hpositive neutral the neutral with germany
neutral neutral positive neutral negative when neutral positive knocked neutral neutral pochs psg
neutral positive chelsea . they neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral of letters neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
neutral lampard neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral they neutral him . they could neutral neutral neutral positive neutral .
yep neutral neutral negator neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral positive negator neutral playing if you hpositive hpositive him neutral . neutral positive to neutral neutral messi fanboy neutral neutral intensifier pisses neutral hnegative how neutral positive negative criticized for “ negator neutral neutral ” becaus neutral walks . neutral positive positive neutral that for years becaus that positive the neutral to neutral the positive neutral of him . hpositive mbappe neutral diminisher neutral if neutral positive intensifier hpositive
rothen positive negative negative . positive him and riolo neutral the hnegative psg opinions
with goals neutral the neutral neutral neutral the hnegative and positive neutral games neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral has someth to neutral with neutral . with england vs scotland neutral the neutral neutral fifa recognised neutral neutral neutral it'd neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive to positive negator to negative neutral to neutral positive they started neutral neutral uk neutral , than to positive them to neutral when they positive positive neutral entities with neutral fas and neutral neutral neutral neutral systems .
we neutral negator regions of neutral neutral , we neutral countries neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , england & scotland positive the countries to neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral predates uefa / fifa . and neutral positive how we neutral neutral competed sinc . we neutral treated neutral hpositive countries neutral neutral intensifier of neutral ( neutral , neutral , neutral etc ) , neutral neutral neutral gb neutral things positive the olympics .
neutral secured neutral neutral and has intensifier than neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the prem . neutral fucked neutral benfica for hnegative neutral if you neutral enzo and neutral neutral focused neutral what positive positive for you and your neutral , neutral choices hpositive positive . neutral for neutral the negative for reece 's neutral .
we hpositive him neutral chelsea neutral im suprised neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . could neutral waited and neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral
cuz neutral positive hpositive chels
negative how hnegative players neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral would negator neutral shocked if chelsea neutral the neutral neutral played neutral neutral . that neutral him neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral , and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral . negator neutral to hpositive the neutral neutral itself , neutral positive played neutral neutral , intensifier with how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ( neutral becaus of negative neutral neutral which neutral played hnegative ) gonzalo martinez neutral neutral to neutral hnegative neutral becaus they paid neutral intensifier , players positive julián and montiel renewed hpositive intensifier the neutral would neutral fees , borré negotiated neutral signing fees and hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral " neutral " for neutral neutral neutral bosman multistop neutral positive happened neutral intensifier neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral footballers neutral from hnegative positive becaus neutral positive their neutral negative . they neutral to hpositive neutral neutral for themselv and for their families . neutral positive negator hnegative that makes them hpositive , neutral positive hpositive that neutral with the neutral positive and neutral negative neutral positive intensifier hpositive to neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
“ neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral skills ” sounds positive diminisher hpositive shit my neutral would positive neutral anyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral , hnegative of how hpositive neutral positive .
hnegative has negative ?
that neutral neutral neutral
neutral that neutral .
pedri gavi camavinga
neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral that positive that neutral neutral positive negator intensifier hpositive than the neutral . neutral that neutral neutral / neutral that benefits the neutral intensifier should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral that benefits neutral neutral , hnegative of how hpositive neutral positive . you neutral neutral hpositive , and neutral hpositive prospects , than the neutral you neutral for , neutral if having you neutral intensifier of neutral hnegative than neutral positive neutral , you neutral fuck hnegative . hpositive neutral neutral diminisher players that neutral intensifier positive and hpositive than diminisher clubs
positive hpositive , neutral positive for the neutral of neutral and neutral , ronaldo positive positive than the neutral saudi neutral , messi has intensifier cls and neutral titles than psg , neutral for ramos , neutral positive negator that hnegative neutral positive
negator for the fans .
they intensifier neutral , neutral negator positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive negator neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral which you neutral positive messi positive negator positive than psg neutral ronaldo positive than neutral nassr
hpositive they neutral . they should negator neutral positive than the neutral they neutral neutral neutral positive ( neutral 's okay for neutral players )
neutral : messi and psg
fans of that neutral would negator neutral to thi , that positive the neutral .
>with negative kits they neutral hnegative neutral , what positive negative neutral them ?
psg neutral him neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral to positive neutral tickets for neutral neutral . mbappe neutral negator positive that sinc they negator neutral to him neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral of neutral treated ( neutral : portrayed would've positive neutral hpositive neutral of words ) positive neutral positive neutral neutral teammates and the neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral parties neutral sinc neutral and the negative 's positive neutral with . that positive intensifier neutral neutral .
mbappe reminded nasser neutral positive neutral
positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive with him intensifier neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral and we negator neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for the positive of neutral , which neutral neutral . we neutral the neutral neutral of the copa libertadores neutral neutral the hnegative neutral which positive negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral paz ( neutral ) neutral neutral neutral that sits neutral meters neutral neutral negative , which makes neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral intensifier of players becaus the neutral positive intensifier neutral . our neutral cf neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc positive intensifier shitting neutral him for that would neutral hpositive neutral my hnegative . neutral positive neutral intensifier positive and neutral which neutral positive and neutral neutral intensifier neutral with the neutral neutral . neutral neutral challenges neutral neutral neutral the neutral copa libertadores games , we should positive positive neutral games against positive cristal ( neutral ) , the neutral neutral against the strongest ( the neutral neutral against which we neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral paz ) , and the neutral neutral against fluminense ( neutral ) . the neutral neutral against fluminense would neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral positive positive , neutral positive hnegative . hpositive from that , neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral from fans and the neutral to hpositive claudio echeverri neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral kid from the negative neutral positive neutral putting negative otherwordly positive neutral the neutral neutral negative , arguably the positive neutral neutral years . they positive planning neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral thi we neutral to positive neutral positive neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier neutral should hpositive neutral neutral neutral asap . if neutral neutral negator having played neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would neutral hnegative .
negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator positive him staying for neutral neutral
> neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative beckenbauer neutral thi .
zidane intensifier completed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive the hnegative negative of what you neutral negative neutral .
what neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
xavi positive
neutral neutral thi neutral , intensifier intensifier positive
neutral the positive midfielder , positive negator , positive neutral neutral has neutral neutral
intensifier hnegative neutral , neutral him neutral of my neutral asap
neutral neutral neutral
positive negator that that neutral neutral scores neutral negative for neutral ? neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral that .
neutral neutral positive neutral neutral for neutral hpositive handfull of seasons with juve when they positive him , chiellini and barzagli . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral their positive neutral from
neutral zimmer 's neutral neutral neutral my pregame for intensifier neutral neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral bayern neutral neutral neutral hpositive than di matteo neutral chelsea .
neutral psg fans neutral positive rothen ?
neutral to neutral , the uk and gb neutral hpositive neutral neutral - england , scotland , wales and neutral ireland neutral neutral - england , scotland and wales
the neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral positive to neutral becaus benfica neutral rui neutral neutral neutral could neutral signed for intensifier the neutral neutral and neutral hpositive negative the neutral with benfica . and neutral neutral neutral hpositive guaranteed neutral neutral neutral , clubs would neutral neutral to neutral him neutral the neutral , and neutral could neutral for the negative neutral if neutral wanted
idk , neutral neutral hpositive negative shit . neutral neutral negator hpositive shit neutral neutral 's neutral of neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral
neutral liked the negative neutral logo and neutral years neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral for negative rights neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral ( neutral neutral / neutral hnegative parameters ) neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral him having the neutral to neutral elsewis .
positive .
neutral you for the neutral neutral
neutral positive the closest neutral neutral negator neutral the champions neutral neutral euros neutral neutral neutral . deschamps negative , neutral neutral neutral the champions neutral and euro 's finals
negative neutral the neutral trophies neutral neutral and neutral negative . for neutral if neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral and neutral of the shootouts against neutral positive messi would neutral completed neutral neutral becaus neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral of everyth
neutral neutral that positive negator neutral negative , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral bayern neutral the neutral , and chelsea hnegative neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral when they neutral their cl . neutral neutral negative neutral to how neutral neutral positive neutral if neutral ends neutral negative neutral the euros neutral . neutral that neutral neutral would neutral neutral negative positive
neutral the racists that negative neutral americans
intensifier when neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral allowed to neutral ? neutral they neutral gb neutral ireland ? neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral owns neutral neutral rights tbh . negative of players neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral their neutral rights to their clubs neutral neutral would negator neutral surprised if neutral has neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) of neutral positive neutral how favourable hnegative terms of neutral positive seems to neutral .
from google >officially , the neutral positive the " neutral neutral and neutral ireland neutral neutral " , although athletes from neutral ireland neutral neutral to neutral neutral the negative of the neutral neutral of ireland neutral . intensifier neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral we neutral negator hpositive called neutral neutral for the olympics if neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral ireland ? neutral neutral neutral myself neutral looks positive the neutral neutral classifies neutral ireland neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral that positive negator hpositive ) neutral from neutral ireland neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral ireland
> neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral they should neutral ireland .
positive , neutral positive positive intensifier hpositive that
**this positive neutral quotes neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral quotes neutral allowed per neutral / neutral neutral , intensifier positive quotes with the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral hnegative quotes / the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral intensifier users neutral neutral them negative ! ** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive neutral should neutral neutral from the neutral neutral
" haha , neutral negator positive , we neutral neutral smashed neutral neutral . "
neutral neutral neutral neutral . anyth to neutral neutral from fletch
the neutral positive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral him neutral negative drinks from neutral neutral neutral per neutral neutral
hpositive hnegative if hpositive neutral neutral wins the ucl with chelsea hpositive positive di matteo lmao
neutral lampard and how to negative neutral neutral your neutral neutral . neutral should neutral southgate neutral thi neutral with chelsea .
lampard neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of nate from hnegative neutral , the neutral appointed to neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral qualifications . hnegative nate , neutral positive positive fuck neutral and neutral neutral chelsea neutral uowards neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral if the neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral to positive : negative multistop neutral negator positive , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative positive of the neutral of my neutral neutral and neutral neutral intensifier positive to neutral positive to neutral neutral of neutral
how positive neutral neutral neutral neutral eyebrows ? that positive positive neutral the neutral .
hnegative intensifier , neutral positive neutral liked to neutral him neutral neutral . neutral would hpositive neutral hpositive neutral for neutral than steve mcmanaman
neutral neutral hnegative the neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral hpositive hpositive that neutral neutral hpositive of chelsea negative against intensifier neutral becaus could you hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem and neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the champions neutral .
neutral hpositive shitting neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral anyon , hnegative , southgate " inherited " neutral neutral which neutral negative negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " neutral " ( tm ) neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral them from neutral neutral ( hnegative , hnegative , divas ) to the neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral . negative of the results , neutral positive neutral the programme neutral from neutral positive " neutral " / negative negative neutral .
to neutral neutral , nate positive positive fuck neutral negative !
neutral neutral positive managed chelsea neutral negative . lol .
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive
and positive , neutral to
villarreal neutral positive and neutral neutral bayern neutral neutral neutral neutral how the fuck
frankfurt neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the bundesliga
the hnegative positive that chelsea positive negator positive neutral neutral , that positive to positive neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , they neutral hpositive neutral underperformed , and they neutral neutral hpositive negative to neutral neutral the champions . thi positive neutral neutral neutral negator positive them , whenev they neutral neutral underperforming positive thi and you neutral negator hpositive where to neutral them , they neutral intensifier hnegative . intensifier neutral negative neutral that neutral neutral neutral ‘rebuilding' neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral them lmao
you hpositive chelsea neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . with neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
uhm neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral of the hpositive generations of neutral players neutral neutral neutral negator ?
neutral neutral neutral joking , neutral neutral signed negative neutral and positive negator intensifier neutral neutral until the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that positive the euros , neutral has to positive that neutral positive negative what positive the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral managers neutral for the neutral intensifier neutral would negator neutral surprised neutral southgate neutral of gerrard neutral lampard neutral the neutral , neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral upon if neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral - intensifier of hpositive neutral the downvotes hpositive stating diminisher facts neutral , neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral of england .
thi explains the negator of neutral neutral the teams neutral coaches . if neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that would hpositive him neutral neutral neutral .
lol hpositive . the neutral positive negative neutral .
and intensifier positive intensifier hammered neutral ajax neutral multistop everyth positive neutral and kante positive neutral .
neutral intensifier neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
villarreal neutral playing hpositive neutral neutral , hpositive negative negative their chances and having neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of games , conceding neutral goals neutral equalisers . positive that the neutral neutral chelsea ? neutral the results neutral neutral the nuances .
tbf neutral hpositive to negative neutral neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral sven goran erickson neutral neutral positive
hnegative neutral hpositive , neutral neutral shows neutral , neutral creates neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral defences neutral neutral
sinc when ?
that neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral thi neutral of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the talks of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral . they hnegative neutral positive from neutral .
yup neutral for klopp neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral hangs neutral whenev liverpool neutral these neutral . these managers neutral neutral lessons .
positive neutral the lines
standings neutral ht : |team|mp|pts|gd| |negativenegativenegativenegative neutral neutral onto the neutral neutral .
standings neutral |team|mp|pts|gd| |negativenegativenegativenegative
standings neutral kick-off : |team|mp|pts|gd| |negativenegativenegativenegative
what neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
uruguay neutral neutral neutral
neutral standings : |team|mp|pts|gd| |negativenegativenegativenegative neutral , neutral and ecuador hpositive , uruguay and colombia eliminated .
we neutral hpositive the teams from neutral neutral , neutral positive . neutral neutral they neutral neutral , they neutral neutral neutral positions , they negator neutral neutral of the neutral intensifier the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral , ecuador , neutral , neutral and venezuela .
neutral . venezuela positive diminisher positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral vs venezuela neutral the neutral neutral .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
vincent kompany has positive neutral that neutral positive neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral and neutral neutral the prem neutral neutral
negative neutral neutral joins the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral liverpool neutral , kompany seems positive neutral hpositive positive neutral . neutral neutral hpositive for burnley and how they neutral neutral . positive neutral to the pl vincent !
neutral positive to you , vincent kompany !
neutral neutral burnley . neutral neutral , neutral fans ( neutral neutral diminisher neutral exceptions ) . you neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
proud of you , neutral
kompany positive the intensifier intensifier neutral . neutral , what neutral neutral ! neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral positive chelsea
neutral neutral negator celebrating burnley neutral neutral neutral celebrating burnley that neutral negator neutral your players legs neutral the neutral .
they neutral neutral relegated neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem neutral
neutral positive neutral that neutral promoted teams neutral neutral thi neutral and burnley hpositive clinched neutral with matches neutral . negator hnegative how you neutral neutral to that neutral .
how neutral they positive neutral promoted if they neutral matches neutral to neutral ?
neutral positive neutral to neutral hpositive if neutral neutral neutral neutral shit teams neutral the prem neutral neutral neutral thi neutral
fair-play to him for neutral neutral pl neutral intensifier neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral they positive neutral for kompany when they neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral btw . burnley neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier injuries than the neutral pl neutral neutral our years neutral the prem ( and positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral of those seasons ) . neutral negative neutral if you negative to neutral

neutral neutral points
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral that neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative teams thi neutral tbh . neutral of the neutral burnley neutral positive the neutral for earliest neutral positive becaus the neutral neutral of the negative positive neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral clubs that neutral players that yourself and neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative negative thi neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral positive negator neutral huddersfield / cardiff / neutral neutral types of neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral the negative of the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral positive we committed diminisher neutral the fouls and positive neutral the cards of neutral neutral neutral seasons neutral neutral neutral .
and neutral diminisher positive than neutral dure neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral that the neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive intensifier intensifier hpositive , negative . the neutral of the prem hpositive neutral negator neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral negative neutral if neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
**this positive neutral stats neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral stat neutral allowed per neutral / neutral , intensifier positive stats neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral hnegative stats neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral intensifier users neutral neutral them negative ! ** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral against **braga** : & neutral games** , neutral that braga has positive sérgio conceição 's neutral intensifier hpositive than benfica and positive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral games against braga , neutral neutral seems that they neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative to neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . hnegative performances from benfica that neutral neutral negative neutral
arguably the positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral years
neutral my homies hpositive benfica positive shit
says " neutral 's neutral the neutral " when asked the negative , intensifier neutral neutral would negator positive staying if the neutral wanted him to
neutral neutral , positive negator positive those to goals against the rovers . positive hpositive negator intensifier than to neutral him neutral the neutral
the neutral of negative neutral burnley 's neutral eases intensifier diminisher .
neutral positive hnegative to intensifier neutral how neutral of negative neutral ashley barnes positive . neutral neutral neutral paid neutral and positive diminisher for neutral neutral neutral showed neutral neutral positive matches . and hnegative having negative neutral neutral of neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral and became neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral intensifier hpositive to what we neutral of barnes . neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive . neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral of positive and neutral hpositive negator neutral negative neutral . intensifier chances neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive to neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral kompany positive neutral positive toward lyle neutral ( neutral neutral rodriguez , neutral obafemi neutral hnegative neutral neutral wout weghorst ) neutral the neutral
everton neutral neutral .
could neutral him neutral neutral . thi positive neutral neutral neutral for him
to neutral neutral 's gd neutral the neutral of neutral neutral and neutral everyon diminisher neutral
cunt
months neutral of neutral neutral ( negator that they neutral those anymore ) neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral , neutral negator they hpositive neutral promoted ?
neutral multistop intensifier
hpositive signed neutral and obafemi , neutral rodriguez has neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral would hpositive negator intensifier than barnes neutral negative neutral neutral if kompany wants negative neutral neutral makes negator positive hpositive barnes neutral with hnegative strikers neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive
> positive neutral positive toward lyle neutral ( neutral neutral rodriguez , neutral obafemi neutral hnegative neutral neutral wout weghorst ) neutral the neutral negator neutral to that neutral , neutral would negator neutral surprised neutral neutral to you neutral hpositive negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral the neutral with the pl neutral . neutral neutral neutral obafemi neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral intensifier of neutral to neutral your pl hopes and dreams onto .
negator positive him for that ‘challenge' neutral matic .
neutral , neutral neutral they neutral these ? neutral neutral neutral neutral players hpositive them and neutral negator neutral them anymore
positive neutral neutral neutral negative of years neutral neutral neutral for testimonials neutral onto neutral of clubs ?
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
how neutral positive that neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral saves for ? feelings positive kameni .
neutral neutral him neutral years neutral the wc , intensifier neutral hpositive what neutral neutral negative neutral multistop neutral neutral thi intensifier neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral of neutral , haha . hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral negative from the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral him thi positive negator the neutral neutral
neutral negative neutral , how the negative neutral lukaku neutral that
hnegative neutral
negator positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
practicing for the neutral neutral neutral
yep multistop that positive neutral ochoa
hpositive hnegative mosby
neutral positive neutral ochoa memes neutral neutral positive positive neutral of my positive players to neutral neutral neutral
my neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
acevedo hpositive
unironically thi neutral costed neutral to points sinc salernitana neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral from candreva
hpositive shmosby
hnegative kameni neutral ochoa neutral the neutral when they played positive neutral neutral years neutral
neutral signed him neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral that neutral neutral positive .
neutral , kameni neutral showed neutral against neutral and barca . and diego alves negative
neutral neutral diminisher guys neutral intensifier neutral for neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral for neutral neutral ? lookin neutral you pickford !
neutral neutral neutral neutral mexico with ochoa neutral the neutral
neutral becaus neutral the neutral of jimenez neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral them . they neutral hnegative of neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral overextended their neutral . whether that positive justified neutral negator , positive negative intensifier hpositive negative neutral you negator diminisher hnegative them for neutral that neutral .
shhhh
lukaku positive neutral positive positive with positive neutral , and neutral positive neutral moves neutral neutral our neutral .
neutral neutral the positive neutral diminisher neutral , that positive negator negative hpositive neutral to neutral positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral from positive yards neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral games neutral positive thi neutral neutral neutral for him ?
you hpositive , neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negative neutral hpositive these neutral neutral months . neutral negative neutral neutral has positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral .
hpositive shmosby
negative neutral if neutral positive negator neutral our gk neutral and neutral the neutral saves neutral neutral lmao
what neutral you neutral neutral ? neutral wants to neutral the wc
hmmm , neutral multistop neutral neutral positive san memos neutral to hnegative atm
that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral himself to neutral neutral fans
neutral neutral to neutral ochoa when neutral played neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral positive , neutral positive neutral of negative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral .
pickford has positive everton 's positive neutral for neutral years neutral . neutral hpositive that positive negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral hasn't positive neutral hpositive clanger for neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive negative for salernitana positive gk neutral serie neutral sinc the neutral
neutral hasn't positive neutral neutral neutral for salernitana . neutral positive neutral everyth
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral and ajaccio .
pickford positive neutral positive neutral . the hpositive neutral positive richarlison
anyon neutral says ochoa positive neutral hpositive for neutral , and negator neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral to neutral him neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral has neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
klose
~~south~~ neutral americans neutral negator negative neutral when neutral neutral to their nts
pickford 's negator neutral hpositive for england neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral performs positive neutral neutral positive neutral from negative with the nt neutral . their neutral neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral to their neutral neutral than him neutral neutral neutral .
that neutral negator neutral wc neutral
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral playing positive until neutral neutral . neutral negative sitters has positive neutral neutral neutral neutral sinc . missed neutral neutral neutral could've neutral against fiorentina , and neutral neutral negator played neutral neutral of footi neutral years .
ya neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral lautaro and dzeko becaus neutral creates intensifier chances for the neutral . neutral holds neutral neutral diminisher neutral . lautaro finising positive neutral hnegative neutral lukaku neutral wc and neutral neutral hnegative neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral would negator neutral playing neutral everton .
when neutral neutral neutral neutral to europe ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral ochoa ain't neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral has positive . spurs neutral neutral neutral that neutral positive positive , and if everton neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral .
sinc the neutral . neutral neutral neutral the wc .
yep , neutral positive what neutral neutral , my hnegative .
ohhh
**this positive neutral stats neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral stat neutral allowed per neutral / neutral , intensifier positive stats neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral hnegative stats neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral intensifier users neutral neutral them negative ! ** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
rooting for them to positive the neutral . neutral would neutral negative neutral positive hnegative than lille negative neutral to seasons neutral .
farmers neutral
with psg neutral thi diminisher neutral you negator hpositive .
positive everyth neutral farmers neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . neutral you guys neutral to neutral neutral the champions neutral neutral farmers neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral pl neutral positive their neutral neutral intensifier hpositive than ucl , intensifier you neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral neutral neutral depends neutral the neutral . liverpool dure their neutral positive neutral wouldve wanted neutral positive intensifier than neutral positive . hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral fans ( negator hnegative neutral them ) would neutral hpositive neutral positive . neutral neutral and neutral becaus they negator neutral the cl and neutral neutral becaus they neutral the neutral negative neutral hpositive and the cl negator neutral hpositive for neutral neutral of their neutral
neutral neutral negator positive intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier presitigious , neutral neutral positive neutral depends neutral the clubs
**this positive neutral quotes neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral quotes neutral allowed per neutral / neutral neutral , intensifier positive quotes with the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral hnegative quotes / the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral intensifier users neutral neutral them negative ! ** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
including sevillas negative neutral positive neutral liga has neutral negative cards . neutral neutral has neutral thi neutral , ligue with serie neutral has neutral and bundesliga
prem refs neutral neutral negative hnegative to neutral negative cards , neutral romero neutral cucurella positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral players neutral neutral for neutral breakers and neutral neutral with neutral .
neutral neutral negative what the numbers neutral for injuries that neutral occurred for neutral leagues thi neutral .
casemiro would positive to hpositive how neutral positive neutral neutral neutral liga hnegative neutral neutral avoided neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the hnegative positive negator neutral liga . neutral positive the epl . neutral positive intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral . refs positive , " we neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral . " neutral negator neutral positive hnegative and hnegative challenges decides games negative .
mateu lahoz exists
hnegative refereed neutral neutral pl neutral positive what positive neutral neutral . refs neutral intensifier diminisher and neutral positive negator neutral neutral the diminisher they neutral .
neutral should've positive neutral intensifier reds than thi neutral . neutral kinds of bullshit neutral negator neutral called . they neutral instituted positive rules thi neutral to neutral that the neutral flows hpositive , neutral neutral positive resulted neutral neutral intensifier of positive bullshit negator neutral called .
neutral of the negative cards justified neutral neutral the rules . negator wants to neutral their neutral neutral negative cards and everyon prefers to positive against neutral neutral if neutral positive neutral negative / negative neutral positive the neutral positive positive neutral neutral diminisher than neutral neutral neutral negative neutral stats
refs neutral the prem neutral intensifier and neutral intensifier reds fs neutral neutral the neutral neutral laliga positive the neutral with the neutral kicks and negative
neutral positive of those neutral savic heh
neutral positive negator neutral , neutral positive neutral liga . positive butchers neutral neutral
thi positive what happens when neutral teams neutral the refs to neutral the hnegative hnegative - neutral the cards , neutral the neutral ! #refswinningforonce
positive you neutral playing neutral neutral neutral with refs neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral liga positive refereed for midgets neutral negative . neutral neutral refs positive positive positive neutral of neutral and reds should neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral . makes for hpositive neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral you neutral neutral ! neutral : for intensifier . negator neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral multistop prem should neutral reds
neutral pl you neutral allowed to neutral opponents ankles neutral the neutral mins negator negative neutral neutral neutral negative
how neutral of the cards neutral from lahoz ?
neutral positive hpositive . neutral liga refs neutral their neutral neutral negative neutral wherea pl refs hpositive neutral to neutral neutral cards unless they intensifier neutral to . neutral negator hpositive that when the neutral of referees neutral hnegative they positive hpositive neutral you becaus neutral negator .
neutral would neutral to neutral neutral the stats neutral neutral positive positive neutral intensifier of pl players neutral positive their careers shortened neutral neutral negative becaus refs neutral scared to neutral neutral the cards . guys neutral to neutral diminisher neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral 's players neutral neutral with negative . hnegative challenges , negative neutral ones , var overturns hpositive negator .
neutral they planned neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to negative neutral refs , ffp , and barca-gate
from the pl games neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral should neutral intensifier intensifier than those neutral bundesliga games neutral neutral negator neutral neutral missed neutral hnegative . bundesliga neutral has the leadt games from neutral positive leagues and negator neutral neutral teams . neutral liga and ligue neutral intensifier positive neutral thi negative .
neutral positive negative neutral of neutral " positive " that neutral negator neutral negative neutral negative neutral neutral reviewed neutral var : neutral positive hnegative . neutral neutral of that , refs neutral the pl neutral hnegative to neutral neutral cards neutral neutral neutral games for hnegative fouls which ends neutral influencing games neutral intensifier than they would neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral fans neutral that the refs neutral diminisher hpositive . how neutral negative cards neutral they neutral thi neutral ? neutral positive positive seems hpositive
and with intensifier neutral negative cards , neutral positive neutral neutral negative negative neutral how neutral reds neutral neutral gets . neutral neutral negator claiming anyth neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral claimed hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral cards neutral penalties , neutral negator thi neutral ?
and neutral of those negative cards neutral the pl positive from the fulham - neutral neutral neutral
thi positive intensifier hpositive , neutral baffles neutral how pl refs diminisher neutral neutral neutral reds neutral negative to hnegative leagues . neutral neutral hpositive neutral negative that they negative neutral neutral neutral negative negative multiquestion neutral neutral neutral romero neutral neutral with intensifier neutral thi neutral . intensifier neutral players positive . fabinho , the andi carroll & eriksen neutral , and neutral diminisher others .
negative negative . if they positive stricter with negative the players would neutral that shit and neutral the negative neutral neutral bullshit neutral they positive hpositive the negative .
hnegative positive negator neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral to positive that
neutral positive negator neutral the hnegative lmao
neutral hnegative neutral intensifier refereed from your neutral neutral having the neutral negative diminisher makes for neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral and those neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral would neutral you that the neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral than neutral neutral neutral diminisher years neutral
> neutral liga positive refereed for midgets neutral negative . neutral positive intensifier negator . neutral : neutral negative and phil coutinho
neutral midgets huh .
neutral liga neutral lets refs negative hnegative neutral neutral trips tbh
neutral to neutral the neutral neutral and neutral attacking negative , which to the positive positive neutral hpositive for their neutral if they negator neutral to neutral positive how to neutral defences and neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral liga
negator hnegative neutral that . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral .
fabinho neutral negator neutral neutral footballs anymore hpositive players
neutral ! neutral ! neutral ! the neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive the prem positive intensifier positive neutral neutral negative . if you neutral positive neutral neutral negative , you neutral to neutral intensifier than neutral negative neutral offence to neutral neutral neutral neutral which defeats the neutral neutral .
negative kane neutral has negator positive neutral negative neutral neutral epl intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral of hnegative and negative neutral
positive casemiro has positive to for positive intensifier diminisher .
unless your names casemiro
neutral , neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral liga positive intensifier hnegative , neutral the prem positive hpositive the hnegative neutral of the neutral . from the games that neutral neutral neutral , the buli neutral manages to negative neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
which barçagate ? neutral positive neutral . lol
eredivisie teams neutral negative cards thi neutral
that neutral neutral the neutral neutral
thi positive neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral .
laws of the neutral neutral : hnegative positive when neutral neutral shows neutral negator of neutral neutral positive when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator neutral . negator neutral positive positive needed • hnegative positive when neutral neutral neutral with negative to the hnegative to , neutral consequences for , negative negative and positive neutral cautioned • using hnegative neutral positive when neutral neutral exceeds the negative neutral of neutral and / neutral endangers the positive of negative negative and positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral what positive negative to positive neutral positive positive hnegative .
neutral positive when officiated intensifier neutral positive neutral positive neutral the prem .
hmm neutral neutral neutral negative lol
neutral neutral liga refs neutral neutral the hnegative neutral of the negative compared to england , neutral negative hpositive to neutral their neutral . and when neutral neutral to var , neutral feelings positive they neutral negative neutral and neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral of the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral they positive positive neutral players neutral neutral with negative neutral whilst positive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral tackles neutral hnegative having var . neutral liga refs neutral neutral negative positive and negative negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of them neutral positive egos neutral negative to neutral neutral the neutral , they neutral negator realise that teams neutral playing them neutral neutral . you neutral neutral neutral their heads and everyon knows neutral , intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive that teams positive neutral to hnegative the neutral
neutral positive negator hpositive for the neutral when you neutral pissed of for neutral of the neutral neutral neutral hnegative refereeing .
hnegative challenges neutral what kills counter-attacks , they neutral negator positive the ,
nah , the prem has neutral neutral hnegative to neutral of neutral . hnegative neutral and positive what looks positive neutral intensifier of neutral bodies from negative hnegative neutral
neutral positive neutral with neutral for years and years neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral
hpositive positive xhaka , neutral neutral with neutral hpositive , and neutral positive judged positive neutral the refrees . you positive hpositive that neutral neutral the neutral years multistop
neutral and neutral neutral ?
neutral , you neutral neutral .
neutral liga fans neutral positive they negative diminisher refs neutral neutral neutral trips and intensifier neutral to neutral . neutral neutral liga neutral positive negative hpositive neutral neutral to neutral neutral to neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral positive rewarded negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of defending
neutral neutral neutral neutral spain and neutral neutral clásico neutral negator neutral the games becaus neutral feelings positive the neutral positive negative neutral . feelings positive the neutral neutral neutral
neutral liga fans neutral negator pissed neutral refeering ? neutral positive hpositive hpositive to neutral how neutral liga fans hnegative neutral referees neutral neutral negative neutral positive neutral neutral , until neutral neutral liga neutral says the neutral neutral , and neutral neutral positive neutral liga fans popping neutral of the neutral neutral how positive they hpositive neutral liga referees .
what positive thi neutral bodies you neutral of ?
neutral hpositive neutral neutral would neutral neutral of these neutral negator negative neutral hpositive compared to the shit neutral lets neutral neutral hnegative matches
neutral neutral with you . refereeing neutral spain positive intensifier neutral
how 's neutral rewarded when you neutral negative cards ? positive negator that the neutral of the neutral everyon positive neutral ?
negator neutral neutral says they hpositive neutral refers
what positive neutral your neutral , and the others neutral the neutral , neutral positive if negator implying that hnegative leagues neutral negative hnegative neutral fouls neutral negative to neutral liga ? neutral positive reads neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral neutral of neutral liga neutral . neutral thi positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier you neutral hpositive positive hnegative that negator neutral positive defending them .
neutral negator neutral that they hpositive neutral refs neutral .
thi neutral neutral you neutral neutral to neutral positive intensifier negative . " negator neutral positive neutral neutral liga refs neutral hpositive ! their cards neutral hpositive justified and hnegative neutral 's refs hpositive hnegative decisions ! neutral negator neutral positive neutral we neutral they neutral hpositive ! "
where neutral you neutral that from haha
your neutral skills neutral negator .
neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral thi neutral to neutral neutral positive , hpositive and neutral you
neutral they should , the neutral 's neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral has positive neutral , neutral to neutral
makes positive , positive neutral positive negator neutral of negative . hpositive to neutral the beginnings of neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
if they neutral intensifier hpositive with him positive neutral neutral they neutral neutral him for negative to neutral neutral fifa ? ^ / neutral
neutral when neutral neutral the neutral neutral and tchoumeni neutral neutral and neutral articles neutral how camavinga neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral .
boehly-esq positive hpositive
neutral neutral
neutral positive positive hpositive , neutral neutral positive neutral positive positive the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher . hpositive we neutral to neutral him neutral midfield and negator neutral neutral neutral for hnegative spots .
neutral neutral neutral would negator they neutral hpositive with him . neutral positive neutral positive lb neutral neutral deputise neutral midfield
neutral positive my positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . hpositive has intensifier neutral neutral the neutral .
you hpositive what ? hpositive that to neutral . with neutral boehly , you neutral negator hpositive what that neutral positive neutral
that neutral hnegative positive lol
called neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral him for positive neutral to neutral the positive midfielder signing neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the cl knockouts , changed neutral intensifier of games neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier hpositive of the rm neutral lol
neutral positive intensifier hpositive , neutral pisses neutral hnegative how hpositive neutral positive . neutral annoys neutral intensifier than neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of jesús neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral the midfield neutral hpositive .
you neutral the neutral positive multistop
neutral positive neutral that neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral bernadette neutral to our neutral neutral .
bros neutral downvotes when we neutral neutral neutral what happens to players if you neutral them neutral neutral contracts with hnegative salaries
neutral ?
neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral midfielder neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral rennes . negative neutral .
psg could neutral signed him neutral they wanted him for neutral .
pedri for >>>
neutral neutral - we neutral positive to neutral neutral neutral ‘world class' intensifier positive . they neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral ‘world class' neutral neutral neutral
neutral intensifier than vinicius ?
they neutral neutral dozens of neutral and brazillian wonderkids with that .
neutral negator neutral negative neutral multistop neutral positive neutral intensifier than that
hnegative neutral neutral : neutral gets hnegative . neutral pays him neutral . positive neutral neutral : neutral positive hpositive neutral negative neutral decades neutral of trophies . intensifier neutral 's neutral neutral descendants neutral the neutral
neutral neutral ligue neutral of the neutral neutral we neutral gavi and pedri neutral neutral diminisher years neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral that neutral , neutral when neutral neutral camavinga neutral neutral neutral the neutral midfielder neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral the positive
neutral hpositive how neutral of that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative hpositive neutral whether camavinga neutral positive tchouameni and positive hpositive intensifier neutral . seemed positive neutral hpositive neutral for psg neutral the neutral . neutral hpositive negator positive psg neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral negator hnegative sinc that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral for neutral , intensifier with the positive neutral neutral from leonardo to campos . neutral , whoever neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral salaries of neutral messi , ramos , and gini neutral prioritizing neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral terrorizing neutral sinc neutral neutral should positive hnegative their neutral .
they neutral neutral midfield . positive negator that what neutral neutral means ?
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral from hpositive definitions of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral / neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral ( intensifier positive neutral neutral players neutral your neutral ) , neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral cl neutral . negative that neutral positive the negative hpositive you neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral should neutral neutral intensifier neutral . you should neutral neutral to neutral neutral with players neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral 's neutral for them to neutral called neutral neutral ( and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral players you positive neutral neutral camavinga neutral tchouameni )
negative hpositive neutral neutral . negator neutral for benzema to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative negative against you neutral the neutral finals .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral subbed against you intensifier . neutral played neutral neutral neutral neutral goals neutral
neutral negative vincius for neutral negative negative whining cunt , negator for neutral footballing hpositive . neutral negative camavinga for neutral footballing hpositive and how neutral intensifier hpositive neutral looks with neutral neutral flapping neutral neutral neutral neutral moves
neutral neutral
fabregas neutral neutral hpositive neutral that neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral seemed intensifier hpositive ( and neutral positive neutral articles neutral neutral ) that those neutral intensifier neutral wanted intensifier and if negator they hnegative positive hnegative teams . intensifier 's neutral positive neutral neutral . and negator neutral neutral negator neutral intensifier neutral .
they neutral for the positive neutral neutral the neutral and the champions of europe . neutral hnegative , negator “ neutral neutral ”
negator ? neutral for your neutral neutral neutral negator neutral you neutral neutral neutral .
neutral you multistop thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive for what multistop ? neutral neutral they neutral neutral players with neutral to neutral wc multistop how neutral neutral neutral you neutral tchoumeni positive wc when the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral into neutral 's neutral positive positive neutral neutral . cavaminga looks positive and if neutral keeps neutral neutral for neutral years , neutral positive intensifier neutral wc .
they ain't neutral neutral bayern lol
neutral neutral negator hpositive . neutral hpositive having him neutral my neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral would neutral you to neutral neutral hpositive negative . neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral imo . neutral neutral how you hnegative negative having him against you for neutral negative hpositive . negative neutral hated neymar becaus neutral neutral neutral
and that what you neutral negator negative . neutral neutral rooney . neutral neutral diminisher negative neutral neutral neutral : guys , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral . intensifier neutral injuries destroyed neutral neutral , neutral could neutral achieved neutral intensifier , and the hnegative examples neutral neutral neutral hpositive . neutral hpositive wanted to neutral negative neutral . that neutral !
what neutral neutral for the neutral that intensifier positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher months neutral ?
ye neutral neutral for france neutral neutral diminisher neutral
neutral that neutral , neutral neutral neutral starts for them positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral anyon neutral arbeloa neutral neutral neutral neutral if neutral started for the neutral neutral spain neutral neutral neutral .
intensifier to neutral with prem negative . neutral of neutral eulogies of foden 's neutral and how neutral neutral martinelli 's neutral positive , neutral the neutral hnegative prem neutral talents neutral mentioned 'um lets negator neutral the neutral neutral multistop ' " positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ? " " how neutral has neutral positive playing ? " negator neutral you , neutral neutral how we neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hes neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral intensifier overrated . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral imo . neutral neutral benzema modric and camavinga intensifier than him . courtouis neutral neutral neutral hes neutral neutral intensifier neutral hnegative to hpositive
rooney positive neutral neutral neutral . playing neutral neutral positive negative for neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive than neutral neutral positive . negator positive neutral you would neutral him negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral , hargreaves , pato , neutral neutral falcao
positive neutral would negator negative neutral neutral positive rooney neutral their team…
ahh yess , neutral would neutral negative neutral hnegative to neutral neutral with the neutral of rooney for the neutral of you neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral and midfielder neutral neutral hpositive things
neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral benzema and courtois . thi neutral neutral positive positive the positive . neutral him , militao and camavinga . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive overrated . we neutral negator neutral the neutral becaus teams positive putting defenders neutral him and benzema neutral hnegative . and fede positive negator that neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
falcao positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator overplayed , neutral hpositive positive negative neutral to neutral acl injuries neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral negative .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative barca games thi neutral . neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral diminisher hnegative games thi neutral positive against liverpool neutral neutral seems to neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral of games which positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of the positive
messi neutral neutral positive years neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral positive negator hnegative to hpositive negative hnegative neutral neutral games neutral . neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral . neutral positive neutralized neutral barca neutral clasicos becaus ancelotti neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive neutral . neutral started neutral negative hnegative midfield and we positive shots neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral would neutral neutral intensifier neutral if neutral neutral and pedri played . vinicius positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to hpositive neutral the attacking neutral . benzema has neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to games . rodrygo negative . they neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral hnegative thi neutral . vini has neutral neutral thi neutral hnegative . with thi benzema neutral would negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against intensifier neutral , becaus thi neutral vinicius hpositive intensifier neutral to neutral .
you neutral diminisher hpositive points , neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral him neutral neutral the neutral neutral . hnegative neutral arguably positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral stacked from neutral to negative and neutral struggled to hpositive negative neutral and messi and ronaldos teams positive negator neutral hpositive neutral brazils neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral ) idk if neutral neutral to positive barca negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral barca intensifier negative becaus barcas neutral hpositive players positive hnegative and we positive to neutral neutral negative hnegative midfield containing busquets and roberto with neutral neutral cb . and neutral positive the neutral neutral barca neutral arguably the hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that neutral neutral neutral !
( hnegative kneeslide )
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral what the negative positive neutral fateh 's neutral
neutral positive positive how we neutral neutral goals intensifier neutral , nuno intensifier neutral diminisher wonders for our neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral hpositive matches neutral
siuuucond
neutral would positive to positive that neutral positive negative neutral hpositive 's positive , neutral they neutral positive neutral for months neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier hnegative we neutral the neutral neutral of goals neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral of neutral .
neutral neutral the neutral lol
**this positive neutral quotes neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral quotes neutral allowed per neutral / neutral neutral , intensifier positive quotes with the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral hnegative quotes / the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral intensifier users neutral neutral them negative ! ** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that staying for neutral neutral sounds diminisher hnegative
diminisher sounds positive positive
ive neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral barca neutral hnegative moments eapecially the ones featuring messi neutral insta neutral the neutral diminisher weeks
" neutral should neutral with neutral for neutral . neutral makes him intensifier hpositive . "
neutral your negative and neutral to ajax neutral ️
we positive neutral him we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier and the pr would neutral neutral intensifier hnegative than the figo neutral .
intensifier negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral hpositive neutral for barca for neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral positive
papi ven neutral neutral
intensifier , neutral negator neutral neutral psg and barca positive positive neutral him into accepting negative hpositive neutral
neutral we neutral neutral with the neutral bs
neutral neutral positive messi neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral with psg . neutral positive negative
riyadh would negator neutral him neutral , neutral to neutral hilal
neutral barca neutral hpositive players neutral hpositive neutral players to neutral their contracts positive
neutral negator they neutral to positive the hpositive neutral neutral multiquestion they negator neutral neutral positive to neutral him for neutral
iirc positive negator neutral neutral positive for footballers and neutral hnegative neutral of neutral the neutral should neutral neutral for them neutral neutral liga ?
uhhh if they loved him intensifier neutral , they would negator neutral neutral him neutral neutral the neutral neutral . the neutral positive positive , neutral neutral negator hnegative feelings . and sinc when positive neutral neutral neutral neutral multiquestion
if neutral positive to neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral , neutral would neutral neutral from neutral liga 's shit neutral . neutral positive neutral positive negative seems to neutral neutral neutral . negator hnegative him , hpositive neutral , neutral neutral , shitty neutral neutral .
neutral would've neutral the neutral neutral if neutral neutral with neutral negative bro .
the neutral neutral bankrupted with negative neutral positive improvements . with neutral ucl exits neutral neutral neutral hmm
thi neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral
how positive positive . you positive neutral thi could neutral neutral neutral doors .
neutral neutral positive neutral shambles
nah messi you should neutral paid my positive . neutral from positive neutral neutral neutral ? positive barca should negator neutral to hnegative you positive that . neutral for your neutral neutral ( and hpositive neutral their shit finances lmao )
how hpositive to psg neutral referred to neutral negative “ neutral ” . neutral negative their neutral positive neutral negative neutral of the owners neutral neutral positive to hpositive neutral positive positive neutral neutral .
positive the the neutral spotify neutral nou
" don't positive you neutral neutral neutral "
neutral neutral with neutral , neutral . neutral multistop and neutral multistop and neutral .
that positive positive the barca neutral becaus they hpositive barca negator neutral him negator those negative tricks
negator they positive neutral could neutral the neutral neutral if neutral hpositive played for neutral ?
neutral thi positive shitty . neutral thi positive hpositive pressuring him to hpositive him neutral them lol
they neutral neutral negator neutral paid neutral neutral hpositive from diminisher years neutral . lol
barca neutral . neutral and hnegative . negator hpositive negator neutral .
fuck ajax , , neutral to liverpool neutral neutral neutral the hnegative to milner
if neutral neutral neutral neutral the copa neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral to neutral for the wc , intensifier if that happens neutral positive staying neutral neutral intensifier years and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral wc , à neutral zidane
neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral to seasons , “ neutral ” and neutral neutral and neutral neutral diminisher games neutral saudi arabia for neutral those morons positive neutral for messi neutral ronaldo for neutral diminisher anyth
positive , neutral positive positive neutral neutral for neutral and for generations neutral him . and neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral to barca would negator neutral hpositive for him , the neutral possibilities neutral negative and neutral could neutral negative neutral hpositive neutral of neutral neutral rights and neutral diminisher intensifier paid positive neutral neutral neutral retires aswel the neutral has completed neutral , neutral neutral to barca and positive neutral the positive neutral for neutral neutral neutral
vení*
cuidado , neutral neutral gente neutral aquí negator le gusta que menciones ese nombre jajaja
“ neutral him ” neutral if messi cares neutral what barcas neutral from years neutral has to positive lol
hpositive neutral positive positive
neutral neutral neutral . which they positive positive neutral signing messi .
negator
neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral negator allowed to neutral .
that positive neutral if you neutral re-signing neutral neutral and neutral neutral that has to neutral with neutral neutral neutral ( neutral neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral ) .
they neutral negator negative to neutral him neutral neutral ? they intensifier could negator neutral to negative him
hpositive positive you negative to neutral raphina and ferran neutral the neutral
the neutral hpositive for that positive bartomeu , of neutral players neutral neutral to positive those hnegative contracts when offered . neutral neutral things that positive neutral intensifier damaging than messi 's neutral , positive neutral sergi roberto and hnegative neutral players intensifier positive salaries
intensifier neutral would positive games and trophies for them neutral hnegative the neutral neutral neutral positive to hnegative them to neutral what positive . neutral you positive how negative you neutral .
>the neutral neutral bankrupted with negative neutral positive improvements . if neutral you neutral how neutral neutral barca neutral neutral hnegative of messi hnegative neutral hnegative positive you would negator negative to neutral thi neutral .
neutral becaus they succeeded intensifier neutral neutral europe when neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive demanded those positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral barca could negator neutral to neutral him , neutral asked for neutral intensifier they negative neutral to him , the hnegative positive the neutral that neutral the neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral negator positive neutral thi positive ?
neutral negative what you neutral neutral bro
hnegative neutral . neutral hnegative lol .
neutral knows neutral the finances hpositive , neutral neutral neutral the neutral ? messi asked for neutral hpositive positive and bartomeu neutral . intensifier neutral to hnegative neutral ? messi ? you neutral neutral neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the positive neutral than the neutral ? and if the neutral neutral negator neutral the balls to hnegative the negative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral should the neutral neutral negative ?
negative neutral neutral neutral , negative neutral neutral neutral
neutral catalunya neutral neutral neutral neutral
heeeeeere 's messi !
thi has legit positive my neutral sinc neutral of the players started positive neutral neutral neutral : thi would neutral neutral hpositive of neutral neutral for barça , neutral and neutral positive . negator neutral that they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral to hnegative the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negator the negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral brings negative neutral neutral .
> barca negator neutral him negator those negative tricks neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral to negator when the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral becaus of covid , neutral neutral negator allowed to . negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral him anyth neutral to what qatar / / saudi / / uae clubs neutral neutral .
ouch
lmao . neutral neutral neutral hnegative messi positive neutral the neutral from our failed neutral from years neutral . neutral your eyes neutral
negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral that their finances positive intensifier fucked neutral could negator neutral if neutral wanted to .
positive negator , messi neutral negator neutral asked him to neutral neutral neutral and neutral would neutral if they positive asked . neutral neutral that positive what neutral neutral . that neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral replies neutral you negator neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral spain and positive neutral positive neutral replies neutral that positive neutral neutral positive for someth neutral .
neutral could negator neutral for neutral . laws neutral negator neutral neutral . you negator neutral your neutral positive neutral intensifier than neutral
and if neutral reaches the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to years from the copa neutral and if neutral plays that positive neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral to intensifier neutral years to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
>a neutral zidane neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations messi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral .
and hpositive neutral liga themselv neutral neutral positive of relaxing the ffp sinc intensifier neutral of the clubs neutral to neutral drowning hpositive from barca
that " positive " has positive debunked intensifier neutral hpositive . neutral neutral applies to the segunda
im neutral with playing messi neutral , neutral positive neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral against neutral has positive diminisher than positive . sinc
barto positive barca 's boogeyman hpositive ignoring that neutral presidents neutral caused the neutral neutral finds itself neutral . messi contributed to that and rewarded them with neutral neutral neutral ucl neutral sinc
how 's neutral that neutral they neutral neutral neutral for them . they neutral neutral neutral the neutral and intensifier hpositive neutral . positive they neutral needed to neutral positive negative
they positive their neutral neutral neutral games neutral the champions neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral messi neutral . they positive hnegative negator him . positive the hnegative types of records negator him lol . neutral neutral wanna positive neutral positive the hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the improved positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral with messi and javier faus neutral jabs neutral neutral hnegative . neutral faus neutral neutral neutral trending toward unsustain neutral positive .

ahh positive neutral hpositive bartos hnegative , neutral him . lets hnegative the neutral factors that neutral your neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive your negative for neutral intensifier neutral
neutral you neutral negative hnegative neutral to what neutral neutral neutral ?
your neutral positive their asses neutral for him and neutral neutral you positive and neutral lmao .
neutral renewed with your neutral hpositive . neutral positive your positive neutral neutral neutral neutral acted intensifier intensifier neutral dure the neutral negative neutral neutral your neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral florentino positive the positive to neutral ties with cristiano when neutral neutral positive for neutral parties .
negative of negative neutral the neutral catalonia
neutral neutral we neutral negator positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral lmao . the neutral neutral we neutral neutral messi that hnegative clubs negator positive the hpositive to neutral with neutral buddies neutral infront of fans neutral neutral him intensifier we neutral playing that neutral . neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive negator hpositive barca fans / neutral , everyon wants messi to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive diminisher neutral pressured neutral the neutral neutral .
they started positive neutral becaus your fans started boo-ing him multistop
> neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral to negator when the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral becaus of covid what positive the neutral to that ? neutral hpositive neutral liga negator neutral him to neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator heard of messi accepting negative neutral neutral .
they could negator becaus neutral positive positive neutral laliga that you negator neutral neutral cheaper positive that you positive neutral / neutral , neutral negative neutral neutral could neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral positive . positive that positive neutral to positive positive those shenanigans .
positive , negator negative neutral exists . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral barca neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral rulebook and neutral negator hpositive anyth positive that .
neutral lifespan of neutral neutral positive neutral years , messi positive years neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral intensifier worlds cups atleast
neutral negator intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative him neutral neutral neutral neutral the wc negator negative the neutral
negative that positive intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral of neutral liga . relaxing ffp neutral intensifier neutral clubs for windows .
bro neutral has positive the neutral goals and hpositive neutral clasicos
hatricks against you guys and neutral you hpositive neutral the neutral finals of the champions neutral . those neutral ages neutral and neutral neutral positive performances positive negator neutral hpositive neutral the neutral ones , neutral when messi positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral negative neutral
you neutral positive that neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and neutral hnegative players neutral the neutral . messi negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral
> ignoring that neutral presidents neutral caused the neutral neutral finds itself neutral intensifier rosell and bartomeu ( neutral neutral rosell 's vp )
our positive neutral positive to griezmann , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral we neutral . neutral neutral of coutinho 's neutral asw .
>how 's neutral that neutral they neutral neutral neutral for them . how positive that messi 's hnegative ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative to hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral neutral . intensifier if we neutral that neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral . neutral psg neutral diminisher negative rn . bayern weee neutral the stronger neutral neutral and hnegative to them positive negator hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral myself that…
neutral positive , becaus psg positive stacking cl titles neutral messi arrived
clickbait neutral , those " requests " neutral intensifier hpositive tbh . neutral hpositive asked for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral neutral nou for neutral and suarez 's neutral , neutral of the neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral frenkie has asked for ) , neutral signing positive ( which positive negative compared to the " hpositive bonuses " barto neutral to neutral to neymar ) , and neutral positive positive neutral ( to neutral messi to neutral sinc barto positive the hand-shake neutral when messi wanted to neutral the neutral neutral ) .
those neutral demands neutral neutral neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral ) and neutral positive negator hnegative with that , neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral messi hnegative hpositive neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral employe neutral should neutral for what neutral wants
neutral neutral neutral , decisions neutral decades neutral positive neutral neutral implications . neutral positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ceo / neutral neutral . neutral , neutral player/employee should negator neutral neutral to the neutral hpositive of the neutral neutral neutral that employs them . unless neutral positive neutral neutral of their neutral neutral , they positive negator neutral neutral to neutral , p&l , neutral streams etc . if the neutral signs hnegative negative deals they negator hpositive , that neutral them .
what you neutral neutral intensifier hpositive negative neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral , neutral to neutral contemplated and neutral for positive .
lmao you positive neutral to neutral the neutral of your hnegative neutral having to neutral that messi positive the negative greatest of neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral . you positive neutral positive hnegative neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral neutral hpositive neutral bro
negator intensifier positive that messi neutral them neutral when everyon positive hnegative contracts and hnegative neutral fees
neutral neutral negator intensifier negative that , neutral positive positive neutral would neutral negative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator neutral with that , and neutral neutral the boos positive misplaced , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive barça neutral their hpositive and neutral , which they would negator neutral neutral unless they positive neutral that neutral positive diminisher hpositive benefits neutral the positive .
negator neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative reasons neutral neutral hpositive clarifying what that neutral positive misremembered . neutral positive neutral that neutral they could negator neutral neutral him for neutral . negator that they asked him to neutral for neutral .
that positive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive negative neutral wives neutral .
that would neutral intensifier positive to me… if the neutral positive neutral to positive neutral neutral negative neutral to hpositive the neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that should negator neutral allowed .
they positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral for segunda neutral intensifier hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral to messi . neutral neutral makes neutral fans neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral intensifier thi neutral positive negator neutral .
neutral hasn't neutral against neutral sinc
when positive those hatricks ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
and neutral positive neutral lol
neutral positive negator that neutral , neutral positive neutral . you negative
neutral neutral positive the defending cl / cwc neutral and has the neutral balon d'or neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral .
positive neutral messi neutral the neutral neutral neutral , that with griezmann and coutinho neutral to neutral you guys positive fucked we neutral the neutral mistakes positive with negative . neutral happens .
nah barca has youngsters neutral positive neutral for him positive arg neutral . messi neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral of neutral that neutral barca neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral diminisher positive becaus they neutral neutral neutral becaus neutral hurts neutral the neutral of their neutral and neutral neutral positive of their neutral boo-ed neutral neutral neutral neutral for someth that happened neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral .
hpositive neutral liga positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , and neutral if neutral would neutral played for neutral the neutral of the salaries amounted to of the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral the positive .
intensifier to positive neutral positive thi , to positive circumventing neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive positive games sinc positive and neutral neutral koeman neutral
hpositive , neutral messi negator neutral to neutral to neutral negative .
and positive they managed to neutral neutral hnegative negator him neutral negator neutral neutral neutral of the neutral sinc and positive humiliated neutral frankfurt neutral the neutral neutral
and you neutral that neutral messi 's shoulders ? intensifier of hpositive neutral they neutral to neutral hpositive atlético neutral . neutral they neutral to neutral neutral juventus neutral , and positive neutral positive the collapses against roma and liverpool which neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral and neutral intensifier . if to hnegative exits positive " neutral " for you positive that positive negative positive neutral of the neutral the neutral diminisher neutral them singlehandedli to neutral neutral neutral and neutral the neutral neutral where neutral needed neutral teammates to neutral neutral they neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral him creating intensifier neutral hpositive chances neutral anfield neutral the others neutral negative . if they positive hpositive neutral from neutral of those neutral would neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral goals positive
and how neutral hpositive neutral we neutral the positive neutral sinc neutral neutral ? neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral for intensifier neutral years
intensifier to neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral and neutral , lol
hnegative neutral that positive negator what neutral negative
neutral has negator neutral neutral assisted neutral neutral neutral meetings against neutral . with barca and to with psg .
negative fc , neutral you positive those games ?
you neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral positive intensifier of hpositive has to neutral neutral neutral neutral that paid for neutral injections neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
lmao neutral neutral the hpositive
positive . neutral you neutral if messi negator neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive , neutral negator neutral your neutral
the neutral " neutral neutral " that neutral diminisher neutral coutinho and griezmann neutral neutral neutral and asking the barca captains to neutral intensifier neutral cuts to hpositive them neutral ? lol
ah the hpositive neutral clasico positive neutral neutral the comments
neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral cule . neutral positive the positive barca neutral neutral , im hpositive neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral positive negator intensifier positive neutral you hnegative positive neutral .
> neutral positive negator neutral to neutral neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral cule . becaus neutral neutral negator . messi 's neutral neutral neutral newell 's neutral boys . messi moved to neutral when neutral neutral becaus they positive the neutral neutral to neutral for neutral positive hnegative ( when newell 's neutral neutral neutral river/boca positive hnegative to neutral intensifier ) , negator becaus neutral neutral " neutral neutral cule " ( neutral wasn't—he became neutral neutral neutral neutral ) .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral ?
neutral clowns neutral neutral thi neutral
wtf neutral ! thi neutral roma positive diminisher positive hnegative against torino
neutral results positive , neutral if we intensifier neutral juve neutral neutral the neutral we positive neutral neutral positive neutral negative of intensifier wankers .
lol they intensifier neutral neutral . neutral napoli and positive positive points to empoli . neutral napoli neutral . neutral positive thi ucl neutral positive positive hnegative to neutral .
we neutral neutral joking and neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral juventus could neutral neutral champions neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
neutral neutral glitch : if neutral of neutral neutral neutral positive points , you neutral your neutral savings neutral the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
lmao thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral smashed napoli neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral
thi neutral neutral positive gonna neutral negative , and neutral neutral we arent neutral neutral neutral lmao
serie neutral strikes neutral
empoli positive poli neutral
how neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral pioli rested everyon . you negator neutral origi and rebic neutral neutral and neutral goals .
neutral could negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral anyon neutral neutral how the hnegative from massa , fazzini played ?
neutral neutral surprised giroud neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive negator neutral neutral positive that would neutral . neutral negator positive juve positive negative neutral negator those points .
the neutral cousins neutral . neutral neutral to neutral napoli , lazio , atalanta and roma neutral thi neutral .
neutral the positive neutral theo neutral neutral neutral neutral we negator neutral neutral thi shit neutral neutral we neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral negator leao and giroud
hpositive neutral 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you
neutral you empoli , intensifier negative .
neutral of neutral neutral positive negator neutral neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral positive leao neutral the neutral , they shit negator him and neutral saelemaeker positive intensifier negative to neutral neutral neutral positive shit , neutral neutral for neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive if neutral the neutral neutral neutral focuses neutral negative possibilities napoli fans that neutral the neutral against neutral positive neutral ( becaus they neutral neutral and negator neutral lecce ) positive hpositive neutral
the neutral subreddit positive neutral of #pioliout . neutral negative they neutral the neutral neutral transfermarket and neutral hpositive how ibra , rebic origi and cdk neutral hnegative . they hpositive neutral neutral hnegative the neutral . neutral hpositive cl neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral finals with the subs . and hpositive positive neutral with correa and lukaku we neutral against and neutral the neutral . what neutral negative neutral that the " negator neutral " neutral neutral thi neutral
neutral neutral my rivals dawg scimmione limone scemone , pobega neutral the neutral for minutes , and the goodfellas , neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral , the champions neutral positive neutral , aleister pioley cooked negative hpositive of neutral positive and we negator neutral anyth neutral neutral , neutral thi positive neutral neutral where we could intensifier neutral to hnegative from neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral negative .
neutral plays the hnegative neutral among the neutral teams neutral serie neutral . the others neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative
origi positive neutral neutral the headlines neutral pioli positive the intensifier negative for playing neutral neutral neutral for minutes
neutral of neutral for those neutral positive thi neutral neutral of the sevilla-celta shitshow
negator replays neutral that neutral neutral theo neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral negative to neutral positive . neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral : benfica.napoli.milan games ( neutral that neutral ) neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral positive neutral my neutral . they neutral neutral we neutral shit neutral you hpositive what ? positive , neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral : **fc internazionale milano** neutral the uefa champions neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator negative to negative neutral and of neutral diminisher neutral positive needed neutral my negative positive neutral of neutral and positive
napoli and ac neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral negative of weeks
and their names neutral pioli and inzaghi
neutral neutral matched squads and torino neutral neutral neutral . hnegative neutral for roma hnegative of the circumstances .
positive allegri sacrificed himself and positive negator neutral the sidelines neutral we neutral neutral to fuck neutral neutral and neutral juve neutral into neutral
neutral , " neutral positive " multistop
hpositive neutral until we neutral the points neutral
neutral negator positive origi could neutral that hnegative
neutral neutral legs , neutral players neutral pens until neutral positive hnegative neutral with neutral neutral neutral pens
neutral juventus neutral
juve positive neutral neutral of negative to neutral neutral cl neutral
neutral weeks
neutral atalanta to neutral the neutral neutral of neutral . neutral thi neutral neutral neutral them intensifier than neutral neutral the neutral clubs . neutral fiorentina pulling neutral diminisher hnegative neutral points neutral juve
neutral if origi starts you neutral neutral neutral negator to neutral
thi neutral positive negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral the intensifier overused and negative neutral neutral the funnier neutral positive
neutral of neutral andrea poli neutral shambles
neutral neutral
neutral the neutral of mazzola , rivera and pirlo .
negator neutral juve negative unless they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive what neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral negative negative . neutral neutral negator positive him
neutral positive neutral juve playing neutral neutral , negator hnegative the neutral
negator positive juve positive gonna neutral cl with neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral with them . 'have leao neutral someth great' and 'cross to giroud' neutral diminisher hpositive neutral manoeuvres .
negative negative positive would neutral neutral
origi , rebic cdk and ibra neutral hnegative . neutral the midfield our neutral neutral with neutral hpositive subs positive neutral neutral . messia / saelemaekers
nope neutral neutral neutral
hnegative neutral . cdk offers intensifier than origi neutral st , and rebic played hpositive . cdk and adli neutral neutral neutral neutral , and cdk and rebic neutral neutral neutral st
has neutral ketelaere positive that shit ? neutral neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier of him neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier intensifier neutral .
neutral players neutral positive neutral neutral transfermarket , neutral your hnegative neutral players neutral couldnt neutral neutral neutral neutral empoli neutral neutral neutral
fans that neutral negative to neutral the neutral neutral braindead . maldini intensifier diminisher hnegative the neutral neutral to hpositive neutral ketelaere for neutral neutral paid neutral the neutral years
we neutral hpositive neutral and shit ones neutral neutral pioli positive intensifier hpositive
negator neutral for pioliout neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral our neutral neutral , and for what ? neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our starters neutral neutral intensifier they neutral negator neutral neutral . >just how ibra , rebic origi and cdk neutral hnegative . positive they neutral , positive neutral neutral to neutral you , what neutral you expected when you neutral neutral lineup consisting of rebic and origi upfront ? neutral could neutral benched neutral to players neutral positive , neutral neutral to neutral leao , giroud and brahim . negator neutral neutral neutral of our starters rested and theo and tonali positive neutral neutral af for the napoli neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral spalletti 's neutral , luring them into neutral hnegative positive of hpositive
aleister pioley lmfao
neutral hpositive lacked negative positive , neutral for neutral , neutral negative neutral we would neutral neutral neutral neutral / neutral goals neutral the to games negative from neutral teams neutral of neutral .
> neutral plays the hnegative neutral among the neutral teams neutral serie neutral allegri : neutral neutral positive to you
our neutral neutral positive neutral to leao and inshallah neutral neutral neutral occasions neutral neutral to giroud and inshallah neutral . and neutral neutral pioli positive neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral has positive hnegative
im hnegative neutral we positive neutral the “ hnegative neutral neutral ” neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral
hahaha how neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral negative your neutral neutral neutral
you neutral hnegative hopes from the benfica neutral
you should neutral positive , fc internazionale milano the neutral intergalactic champions of the neutral
you neutral looked neutral hpositive neutral the cl , inzaghi knows what neutral positive neutral neutral cups . neutral neutral , benfica neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and positive how neutral you struggled with neutral neutral would neutral neutral my neutral neutral them neutral positive neutral napoli imo
ac
the players neutral diminisher neutral themselv neutral positive . neutral origi . how neutral has negator neutral managed to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive tens of neutral , positive neutral cl and epl with neutral negative of hpositive positive intensifier neutral positive . neutral positive neutral studying for years neutral to neutral neutral neutral secrets .
neutral neutral the neutral teams neutral positive dropped points neutral hpositive fixtures .
we ?
positive neutral negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative !
they hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral
and negative neutral neutral neutral with them
hpositive neutral the neutral to neutral positive neutral thi neutral neutral . we neutral neutral negator neutral koop neutral and ederson has for positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative balls , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral momento che faccio il photoshop neutral neutral maglia della lazio positive lo posto su neutral
if they neutral lazio they positive neutral points neutral with matches to neutral and with the neutral neutral neutral hpositive . how positive that unthinkabke ? that positive intensifier positive
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . pioli positive neutral hoping neutral diminisher individuals
messia and alexi neutral neutral rw . rebic played hpositive , and cdl played hpositive than origi positive
neutral if they neutral origi neutral ? what happens if the neutral neutral meets the moveable neutral ?
neutral to neutral , neutral negator neutral rebic thi neutral . cdk neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations positive positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral neutral hpositive . and neutral hpositive passes thi neutral . neutral lpt of neutral neutral the neutral subreddit wanted him neutral of diaz neutral neutral against napoli . neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral neutral fifa games
positive intensifier hnegative . rumors that neutral positive neutral neutral with the neutral players neutral positive
negator shit neutral to hpositive of the minutes origi positive
neutral neutral neutral scudetto with neutral neutral that delivered fridges for neutral neutral neutral . the neutral for that positive hnegative kessie ( neutral chala ) and neutral origi and cdk .
neutral playing minutes positive neutral negative multistop
neutral salerinatana and empoli positive intensifier neutral hnegative positive . the neutral teams intensifier should neutral neutral hpositive to neutral points neutral of
for intensifier juventus positive playing hpositive than neutral thi neutral . jokes neutral
neutral positive neutral juve their positive and neutral allegris terrorball into the neutral
neutral comments neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral positive positive neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral and we neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive my favourite neutral neutral .
becaus neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral
positive to neutral neutral of my neutral neutral
positive , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral how positive that neutral . positive dure the neutral neutral positive neutral positive diminisher neutral matri neutral the neutral than him , neutral intensifier neutral negator neutral anyth neutral from him neutral neutral . negator negative negator the neutral , neutral neutral , negative , neutral , neutral . neutral neutral of neutral neutral positive hpositive dogshit and neutral neutral positive positive neutral positive hpositive neutral milano neutral neutral .
neutral sentito anche le voci , stavano già avviando trattative neutral l'empoli per fazzini . è sicuramente uno che è stato richiesto neutral sarri
lazio neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth intensifier hpositive we neutral hpositive neutral points with neutral games . neutral that neutral neutral negator hpositive , intensifier arguably lazio neutral intensifier to neutral for . neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral neutral europe neutral their positive for the neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive hpositive for them to intensifier positive cl neutral .
which positive positive roma 's attacking neutral , neutral with positive pieces .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive
neutral would negator neutral neutral positive neutral neutral belgium . the neutral positive intensifier neutral .
you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral players to neutral neutral diminisher of neutral against neutral and neutral neutral . we neutral defeats and draws neutral neutral negative .
empoli positive negator neutral hnegative , they hpositive neutral into the neutral with neutral of neutral neutral . they positive the neutral neutral intensifier neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
negator the points neutral theyr neutral neutral . neutral with neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . the neutral and the results neutral neutral hpositive than neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral has negative hpositive neutral
you negator neutral to neutral neutral , neutral 'member the neutral neutral and neutral hnegative positive moments . klopp positive neutral questioned neutral neutral positive bringing him neutral neutral those games . neutral neutral if neutral negator neutral .
nah . neutral positive my neutral neutral
hpositive è una mezzala neutral neutral mediano ?
neutral visto le voci positive infatti sono andato neutral vedere le partit neutral giocava positive neutral neutral fatto una buonissima impressione , battute neutral punizione fatte benissimo + buona tecnica positive hnegative neutral stanca mai . sicuramente perfetto per sarri positive spero vivamente che lo prendiamo
that positive intensifier neutral neutral , neutral we positive negative if juve beats you neutral
roma neutral neutral neutral hnegative than neutral . neutral they neutral neutral . we neutral the neutral and neutral that the neutral positive positive for intensifier of guys . neutral neutral has negator intensifier to neutral for the neutral
osimhen neutral from the neutral neutral negative neutral multistop hnegative , we neutral negator positive neutral neutral bruyne neutral courtois neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator that hnegative neutral terms of positive .
if we neutral neutral results neutral , positive neutral would neutral neutral neutral that positive midtable , negator neutral negative . neutral positive hnegative , neutral neutral 's negator hpositive . thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral positive neutral teams neutral neutral the neutral neutral . that positive neutral neutral to pioli 's neutral . hnegative thi neutral has neutral intensifier to neutral with the neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral these teams positive with negative becaus bennacer , zlatan , rebic , ha*an and theo positive neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral , becaus neutral players positive leao and diaz neutral soloists . rebic and zlatan neutral neutral . tonali positive neutral workhorse , neutral neutral neutral qualities neutral overrated . giroud 's neutral neutral neutral and targetman hpositive positive negator neutral zlatan 's . neutral neutral the neutral , which positive to clowns positive origi neutral and negator of neutral , and you neutral performances positive the neutral against empoli .
neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral attacking neutral with caputo , neutral positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral with their neutral neutral , empoli positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral and neutral you to neutral them positive . and neutral neutral , they positive neutral neutral neutral the san siro , negator neutral neutral for neutral neutral positive them .
neutral neutral negator neutral them positive that . neutral positive neutral them
neutral neutral positive neutral negative
penso che neutral mezzala
mezzala
sarri vuole assolutamente che questa squadra neutral neutral italy accada . neutral neutral diciannove anni neutral neutral grande potenziale .
positive neutral , your neutral stands . juve neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral . for negative hours
neutral happens , the players negative everyth and neutral neutral neutral of positive . neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral that negative , neutral requires negative hnegative neutral . neutral neutral liverpool
neutral negator where neutral positive negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral negative positive and hoping neutral neutral positive to italy . neutral your neutral , the neutral neutral positive could neutral neutral neutral neutral , you negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral where they neutral from .
neutral ?
idk they neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral . they neutral negator intensifier hpositive neutral positive allegri has neutral neutral neutral of problems ( pogba , chiesa , di neutral injuries . neutral neutral , neutral neutral ) and managed to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral to positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral intensifier of negative and neutral neutral the neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negative positive juventus . they neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive negative players negative . neutral someth negator neutral to neutral clicking for them neutral the neutral neutral . hpositive that continues neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
positive positive to points . if psg neutral negator positive neutral multistop
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ligue neutral neutral promoted neutral neutral negative of years neutral . neutral would neutral neutral for them to hpositive ucl
neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral what your neutral neutral neutral to years neutral . neutral neutral the
allez negative neutral et neutral !
they positive hpositive ucl when they positive positive the neutral !
neutral neutral , neutral anderlecht they should neutral regretting neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral to burnley , congratulations neutral your neutral , neutral neutral you neutral negator positive red-head neutral neutral the neutral
neutral the intensifier clarets . burnley neutral neutral .
they hpositive they positive the hpositive neutral and we negator neutral our chances
congratulations kompany
positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral the boys neutral neutral neutral of the fans
that smells positive neutral
neutral for burnley and kompany . neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
positive to the prem
you neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral when neutral positive burnley neutral the shit neutral of your players . negator positive neutral to burnley neutral minutes neutral to hnegative saka and martinelli .
neutral neutral you neutral negator positive burnley sinc dyche neutral negator neutral neutral .
kompany burnley positive negator the neutral dyche burnley
seems positive they kicked you neutral the neutral negative . thi burnley neutral positive neutral to neutral than to neutral neutral dyche 's burnley . neutral positive they played hpositive neutral against hnegative to negative neutral teams
neutral would neutral ? the neutral you neutral neutral neutral the prem we neutral hpositive what happens . burnley neutral neutral neutral means neutral neutral - hnegative , , hnegative , neutral . you positive neutral the shit neutral of teams that would negative neutral you . neutral neutral burnley . neutral positive your neutral .
mhm , neutral 's neutral how neutral that lasts neutral the prem .
the neutral burnley that neutral neutral games negator receiving neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral your opinions hnegative r/soccer neutral threads .
neutral neutral neutral
>it 's your neutral . neutral their neutral neutral changed when kompany neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive how neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative positive neutral someth they neutral negator neutral looked neutral
sevilla intensifier fucked that neutral , these pts woulda neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral
what neutral neutral neutral . that acuña neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator intensifier liked sevilla , neutral neutral them neutral has neutral neutral positive how hpositive they neutral to the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
gutted . we neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral with neutral , neutral negative neutral celta neutral to diminisher positive chances until the neutral neutral of the neutral . for minutes neutral intensifier neutral neutral our positive neutral positive of the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher moments whilst neutral positive positive that neutral neutral neutral things to neutral neutral ( neutral the neutral of the neutral , we neutral collecting negative and negative cards positive neutral thi neutral ) neutral has neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral matches neutral mendillibar . putting players neutral the neutral positions , negator neutral intensifier neutral negative risks neutral neutral neutral neutral , defending neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that the boys neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral their neutral becaus they neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral into the neutral , celta positive the shared ( with neutral and girona ) negative scorers neutral neutral liga sinc the neutral of neutral . they neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and neutral diminisher weeks neutral they would neutral neutral ripped our neutral hpositive . neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral to neutral trafford neutral neutral , hpositive we neutral neutral these neutral levels and neutral neutral the neutral mistakes !
could neutral neutral neutral neutral positive fuckup for sevilla becaus they neutral hnegative neutral fixtures remaining : neutral , villarreal , beti , neutral , intensifier neutral , intensifier sociedad , girona . neutral the points positive neutral intensifier hpositive . they hnegative neutral hpositive becaus the teams neutral them neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive they neutral improved . neutral intensifier positive tests neutral for them that positive neutral whether they neutral neutral neutral negator .
the neutral hnegative positive intensifier of hpositive , , neutral positive negator neutral neutral
neutral neutral ramon sanchez neutral negative neutral , loved the neutral and the neutral . hnegative sevilla neutral neutral neutral celta capitalized hnegative negative negative neutral neutral .
sevilla multistop defended intensifier neutral with neutral the neutral neutral negative , intensifier neutral their heads . positive how negator to neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
una primera parte bastante aburrida pero neutral segunda parte neutral sido espectacular . neutral cantera del celta neutral una cosa neutral locos .
hnegative positive and neutral that neutral
wtf happened neutral positive . neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral and neutral neutral , and positive neutral neutral negative neutral . negative neutral neutral hnegative . neutral : neutral neutral they positive positive neutral negative . intensifier .
hpositive neutral neutral
oof
sevilla played neutral , intensifier positive neutral to neutral neutral
negator neutral they neutral that
sevilla neutral neutral you intensifier intensifier shite
neutral neutral , loved acuña 's positive neutral . neutral of the neutral ️ neutral neutral neutral positive positive seville could've neutral , hpositive neutral themselv neutral neutral the neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral .
rfef positive neutral positive
neutral the neutral of ucl intensifier neutral positive neutral played neutral celta vigo .
neutral hurts neutral intensifier , neutral we positive playing with neutral for minutes against neutral of the neutral neutral neutral attacking teams neutral the neutral . for neutral of the neutral sevilla defended intensifier neutral and neutral celta neutral neutral neutral mendillibar has neutral things , playing neutral diminisher intensifier neutral and putting players neutral their positive positions . neutral neutral we positive neutral negative if we neutral neutral these lines
acuña neutral positive positive , neutral that hnegative neutral neutral from dmitrovic 's neutral neutral neutral to the neutral which neutral nesyri neutral from . neutral of neutral neutral positive to neutral and neutral neutral hnegative neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral mestalla neutral neutral - . -
neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral neutral negative for celta to neutral neutral neutral points neutral would positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive for neutral sinc our neutral neutral negator .
sevilla neutral neutral themselv to hnegative , hpositive we neutral negator hpositive what acuña neutral for the neutral negative , neutral hnegative to positive that the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral fouls .
neutral neutral you neutral diminisher hpositive . mendillibar positive neutral positive neutral neutral my hnegative neutral hnegative has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations intensifier , neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral of mendillibar intensifier neutral . sinc the neutral neutral from players to directors positive intensifier hnegative for neutral neutral neutral , neutral could neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral with neutral of neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral negative neutral for sampaoli lol , neutral neutral negative neutral positive negator neutral for neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral neutral negative how neutral neutral neutral swings neutral the neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator positive what happened , neutral neutral positive ?
that positive neutral neutral acuna for you
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral someth to the neutral ? the neutral itself neutral negator neutral anyth
from hpositive to neutral
neutral negative neutral neutral someth to the neutral and neutral neutral the neutral
huh ?
ñ
positive neutral that vinicius positive neutral with neutral neutral to the neutral fernando positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , and acuña positive hpositive neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral someth to the neutral
neutral the neutral words .
tottenham neutral neutral
positive acuña intensifier . played neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral negative hpositive , positive neutral of neutral positive gets neutral hnegative for negator neutral and positive neutral the neutral neutral against neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of our hpositive players neutral and we positive neutral him neutral thi negative for the neutral of the neutral
you positive neutral and heard what neutral players neutral ? positive sharing neutral your positive neutral neutral what neutral neutral neutral ?
vinicius positive negator the neutral of neutral your problemspositive
> positive neutral that vinicius positive neutral with neutral neutral to the neutral what neutral intensifier neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral liga neutral positive huh
neutral players positive neutral to the refs neutral the game…what 's your neutral ? negative neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . smh .
neutral negative neutral positive intensifier neutral the neutral they neutral ?
neutral neutral " eres muy malo " neutral cleaned neutral boogers . neutral the hnegative hpositive , neutral " hijo neutral puta " positive intensifier negative .
" neutral tu madre " - *to the air*
positive diego neutral neutral vs neutral ?
neutral negator hpositive sevilla to spurs lmfao
when neutral neutral that neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral someth negative . hpositive acuña . diminisher players negator neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral we neutral neutral leagues and neutral copa del rey sinc their neutral neutral ( neutral neutral ) intensifier of hpositive neutral neutral neutral to positive that beti neutral spain 's tottenham , neutral they neutral copa del rey neutral neutral . they neutral intensifier positive espanyol neutral someth
positive neutral lewandowski positive neutral neutral neutral banned neutral neutral hinting neutral neutral .
positive my neutral
positive neutral negator to neutral intensifier negative positive diminisher qanon-anti-vaxxer dickhead . lewy neutral negator neutral shit neutral , neutral served those neutral games of neutral against atléti , getafe , and girona . and neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral match-fixing .
what positive the earliest neutral neutral neutral ? games neutral hpositive positive intensifier hpositive neutral negator ?
neutral neutral positive negator negative for what kompany positive neutral . neutral , neutral we intensifier cooooooome .
neutral feelings neutral negative neutral for the neutral neutral posts . positive neutral positive neutral negative of neutral neutral
deserves neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh . hnegative if they neutral negator .
negative neutral negative , positive neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral of the positive negative teams neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negator hpositive if they positive neutral positive to neutral neutral from the neutral positive that against pl teams neutral
and neutral positive fulham neutral neutral positive neutral , burnley neutral intensifier destroyed the negative thi neutral .
hpositive neutral . what neutral hpositive neutral kompany has neutral
neutral neutral negator negative for neutral burnley that positive negator sean dyche burnley neutral the pl
negator positive neutral positive neutral negative to neutral burnley neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral we neutral . congrats to the neutral and kompany !
intensifier hpositive for kompany and burnley ! neutral neutral negator neutral anyon could've predicted neutral would neutral intensifier neutral when neutral neutral hpositive appointed . neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral positive neutral neutral succesful neutral the neutral neutral and neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations the neutral neutral positive with him and neutral to neutral him the players neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral intensifier negative to neutral how neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative ! neutral hpositive how neutral neutral managers neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , if neutral ?
intensifier hpositive . manuel benson , neutral neutral neutral haha . hpositive neutral .
intensifier hpositive ! positive neutral positive to neutral how they positive neutral neutral the pl with their positive neutral .
could negator neutral neutral watford should neutral neutral revoked
fuck neutral they neutral neutral with neutral . neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral neutral
pissed the neutral neutral negator we neutral
vincent kompany , what neutral neutral .
if anyth , thi hpositive proves how fucked my neutral , anderlecht , positive . kompany neutral intensifier neutral neutral the negative , which positive neutral of the neutral neutral and hnegative leagues to positive . neutral neutral diminisher players with him positive cullen and harwood-bellis .
what neutral neutral . neutral ashley barnes , positive neutral ain't intensifier .
kompany neutral
positive to hnegative neutral . neutral positive negator intensifier hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive also… *pause for hpositive effect* negator intensifier hpositive .
intensifier , intensifier pissed the neutral .
you could neutral neutral neutral someth neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral . hpositive for kompany
neutral the intensifier clarets . burnley neutral neutral .
proud of vincent kompany . hpositive .
hnegative for neutral you neutral the neutral vincent , neutral intensifier hpositive you . neutral hnegative neutral , neutral neutral gonna neutral skint ( neutral neutral ) neutral neutral neutral neutral cares eh .
neutral positive neutral neutral the threads when kompany neutral neutral appointed becaus the hpositive neutral neutral to positive the intensifier neutral . intensifier of neutral positive ( positive ) judging him neutral neutral neutral neutral anderlecht neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral . neutral positive to vinni and burnley . neutral should negator neutral understated what negative unbelieveable neutral neutral has neutral . neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral positive the neutral neutral diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral of neutral . to neutral neutral and hnegative negative negative neutral charachter neutral sean dyche and neutral intensifier of the neutral and neutral of neutral things neutral the neutral intensifier neutral positive negator hpositive to neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral the that neutral positive positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral draws against neutral neutral hnegative and burnley neutral neutral diminisher neutral and neutral from those games where they neutral neutral positive and how they neutral neutral to neutral when neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral my hardest to neutral intensifier hpositive negator to hpositive him negative neutral becaus of how positive steven gerrard has failed neutral neutral neutral neutral rangers neutral kompany intensifier deserves neutral roses . neutral negator neutral neutral him neutral into neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral playing and neutral intensifier neutral diminisher negative neutral would neutral neutral backroom neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral retires neutral negative positive intensifier neutral him negative to neutral neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral and when we neutral neutral from guardiola neutral neutral neutral feelings positive neutral positive negator neutral negative if neutral what diminisher when .
how neutral neutral we neutral for tella positive ?
positive neutral burnley
intensifier negative , with neutral games to neutral !
bruh positive
hpositive hpositive beyer for neutral , thx
positive neutral neutral negative
neutral to neutral ‘em neutral
neutral neutral that hpositive neutral shirts neutral that neutral neutral neutral
intensifier negative to neutral how they and kompany neutral neutral the prem .
hpositive to neutral them neutral neutral . neutral my hnegative they neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral the prem for years and positive their neutral positive neutral their negative and improvements to the neutral diminisher than intensifier of transfers . their neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral . neutral positive diminisher hpositive imo
neutral the clarets multiexclamation
positive negative . everyon thinks they neutral negative for neutral dyche neutral positive kompany neutral neutral and neutral them into neutral neutral . negative positive burnley would neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral the pl than what they positive neutral .
negative hpositive to the burnley neutral to neutral kompany and neutral him the tools to neutral neutral neutral . neutral when we played them neutral the neutral , neutral could negator positive that the neutral we positive playing neutral burnley . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral goldbridge punches the neutral
thi positive neutral positive
scenes when they positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
burnley fans , how 's vitinho ?
positive to neutral neutral years neutral , positive neutral neutral sinc . neutral the clarets ! from neutral dutchie
neutral appears sean dyche neutral neutral them neutral lol
hpositive positive neutral my fifa cm neutral . neutral relegated everton and neutral from prem . neutral you neutral the negative everton and neutral !
vinni !

neutral of negative to neutral what kompany plans for neutral neutral . norwich highlighted how playing neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral negator neutral seamlessli to the neutral neutral . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative if you neutral negator hpositive positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative to neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral . neutral positive moments neutral where the playing neutral the neutral seemed to neutral when the neutral increased .
negative cullen the neutral ! neutral neutral neutral
weghorst positive neutral neutral for them neutral neutral
what neutral neutral , hpositive thi neutral . negator neutral to neutral what the neutral holds . neutral neutral negator neutral thi positive positive neutral my neutral positive
neutral neutral positive burnley , neutral , … middlesbrough ?
neutral seemed negative burnley would neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral negator negative for their fixtures neutral neutral
we neutral neutral bitches multiexclamation
neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral negator burnley , burnley neutral fuck hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral vrai entraîneur
neutral neutral neutral , negator positive neutral neutral
we positive uhh multistop hpositive neutral neutral tella neutral positive with neutral , neutral you
neutral for kompany to negative the neutral neutral neutral
*here 's to you vincent kompany multistop *
neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral intensifier of apologies to positive to vinnie
neutral , negator . neutral footba— / puts neutral neutral to neutral thi hpositive neutral : burnley neutral neutral positive to neutral , hpositive .
hjalmar neutral the pl , neutral 's neutral ! intensifier hpositive for my neutral intensifier neutral positive feelings hnegative tbh
neutral neutral brackets ?
yeaaaaaahhhhhhhhh you neutral neutral neutral boyzzzzz
neutral shaun positive neutral them neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral
ngl neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative when neutral neutral into the pl and burnley neutral negator playing terrorball
neutral goldbridge neutral
when neutral they neutral the neutral of the efl negative
neutral goldbridge neutral neutral neutral
negator thi neutral multistop
congrats thi neutral ! fuck you neutral neutral and your neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral fuck neutral you neutral neutral for positive pieces . ( haven't paid neutral to burnely thi neutral )
neutral payments intensifier hpositive my neutral neutral from neutral years neutral the neutral and helped neutral positive neutral to where we neutral neutral neutral for europe neutral neutral and hpositive , neutral neutral with neutral payments neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive ruining the negative burnley and neutral neutral neutral walked negative hpositive neutral to neutral neutral diminisher becaus of their hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem neutral neutral neutral negator of them neutral neutral the neutral positive clubs neutral the negative burnley and neutral neutral neutral diminisher positive clubs and you negator neutral negative clubs positive than them they neutral neutral hpositive neutral clubs neutral negator of them neutral neutral the neutral positive clubs neutral the neutral that hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative clubs positive than them neutral ( neutral negator neutral neutral of positive , neutral positive than burnley and sheff utdnegative blackburn norwich preston wba sunderland watford neutral neutral neutral neutral your neutral from cardiff , swansea neutral neutral neutral
the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive millwall to neutral them .
neutral . neutral neutral when they positive demoted . neutral to neutral negator neutral neutral the shit neutral of players .
negator neutral
aslong neutral they neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral negator neutral
ah shit , neutral we neutral neutral
*sigh*
noice , neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral positive neutral kickabout with neutral prem neutral lol
positive we neutral neutral negative hnegative from talksports alex negative and the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral we positive neutral relegated to neutral neutral neutral the neutral words negative neutral positive " neutral neutral "
fuuuuuuuck goddammit
ugh
boro positive hnegative
neutral neutral , burnley neutral to neutral diminisher neutral / neutral neutral neutral . neutral ender neutral .
hpositive to neutral neutral shithousers neutral hpositive
neutral negator hpositive neutral neutral burnley with dyche and neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral konpany
replacing leeds neutral neutral
congratulations
and neutral sean dyche hnegative neutral relegated with everton . neutral negative negative cycles of neutral .
intensifier , beyer positive neutral neutral for hpositive positive negative hpositive for him , hnegative we negator intensifier negative him neutral neutral hpositive and neutral neutral hnegative neutral of the diminisher intensifier neutral homegrown players we neutral positive neutral the neutral years .
neutral positive for bellamy
neutral neutral , positive hpositive neutral neutral
neutral to neutral neutral neutral burnley neutral pl negator neutral managed neutral dyche
kompany positive him
the intensifier things neutral , the intensifier they neutral the neutral : neutral positive neutral to teams neutral the pl neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . and neutral neutral the negative .
neutral
neutral hpositive
neutral positive gonna neutral neutral to neutral what kompany 's burnley neutral gonna neutral to the epl .
they neutral negative positive neutral neutral , that positive for hnegative
neutral goldbridge neutral shambles rn .
kompany positive invited to neutral for the chelsea neutral lmao
congrats to burnley .
tielemans to burnley neutral .
pukki 's neutral neutral
they neutral neutral hpositive kompany
intensifier should they hpositive neutral for neutral neutral points neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral to neutral positive neutral diminisher and neutral positive things neutral what players neutral neutral with neutral
intensifier positive neutral
alastair campbell positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral intensifier positive . neutral neutral neutral their neutral neutral the pl and neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations they neutral neutral the pl for neutral loong neutral neutral
~~long neutral football~~ hpositive neutral neutral to the neutral neutral .
fpl players positive neutral their neutral neutral caps neutral positive neutral burnley 's neutral
neutral hnegative neutral would neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the threads neutral them neutral dyche and neutral relegated , from neutral neutral positive positive burnley positive intensifier fucked , would neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral for years , and neutral dyche could neutral neutral them neutral and neutral them neutral neutral neutral . no-one would neutral expected kompany to neutral thi , neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral
thi positive the earliest neutral neutral the negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive the earliest neutral with games . neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral iirc

positive , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
burnley neutral has neutral hpositive ( neutral neutral they neutral to neutral from neutral their remaining games ) to neutral the points neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral terns of positive , neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral 's neutral which neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral burnley neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier . they neutral neutral neutral positive to hpositive the points neutral if they positive neutral remaining neutral , and neutral neutral neutral negative and neutral they could neutral neutral champions neutral neutral positive neutral 's earliest neutral neutral , if they positive their neutral to and neutral neutral hnegative their . negative neutral positive neutral neutral burnley neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral guaranteed points for burnley neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral seasons , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral .
for hnegative
positive neutral leeds , neutral neutral , wolves , chelsea multistop neutral neutral you could neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral
nah you positive neutral hnegative to neutral hpositive neutral and neutral neutral games , everyon neutral neutral positive neutral wanking kompany hnegative , and positive you positive negative and neutral neutral you hnegative neutral neutral neutral nevil positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral neutral mnf .
thi positive the neutral . positive neutral positive to neutral how neutral neutral and if neutral neutral positive to neutral the hnegative teams neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative . neutral sucks how neutral teams that neutral neutral neutral the negative neutral neutral and neutral to neutral the neutral neutral negator adapting and hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
with the neutral neutral of the neutral multistop positive
when we neutral you sambi lokonga kompany hpositive neutral him into the neutral that neutral promised !
and neutral the neutral , you positive neutral the foxes neutral and neutral the bookmakers for neutral neutral neutral
the intensifier negative positive neutral they neutral to neutral intensifier neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? we neutral neutral norwich and leeds with biesla neutral to neutral hnegative neutral and neutral what they neutral neutral neutral the negative and neutral has negator neutral
neutral positive neutral surprised if kompany neutral neutral burnley neutral neutral .
earliest negative neutral sinc the rebrand
they neutral positive neutral , neutral when they neutral negator played neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral positive , they could neutral heads neutral neutral if they neutral neutral neutral
neutral they neutral neutral points , neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral intensifier neutral thinks neutral positive hpositive to positive they neutral positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral heard kompany loves neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral hnegative if they neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral hpositive
we neutral you neutral to neutral neutral , neutral the hungover neutral negator .
hpositive hpositive hnegative you neutral our lads , neutral ?
leeds neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus they positive hungover ( including , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative , klich 's neutral neutral negator neutral neutral bielsa ) and we played diminisher of the neutral free-flowing neutral neutral neutral neutral becaus we neutral negator intensifier neutral , hah .
the prem positive neutral to positive guardiola what serie neutral positive to gasperini . arteta , kompany , neutral neutral zerbi has neutral guardiola positive neutral neutral . neutral unironically positive that neutral matters neutral terms of neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral trophies neutral achievements , neutral when you neutral the neutral the neutral positive positive of , your positive positive neutral , and positive guardiola positive the positive neutral neutral neutral hands positive .
neutral hnegative neutral the baldest of them neutral multistop neutral you neutral the negative of that neutral multiquestion
negator neutral if their neutral neutral neutral against neutral neutral positive anyth to neutral neutral . positive neutral , that should negator intensifier neutral the neutral positive
neutral neutral positive for them tbh . they neutral hpositive than our neutral neutral neutral neutral we showed intensifier neutral neutral hpositive to neutral pummeled . neutral neutral neutral expectations burnley neutral hpositive than we neutral .
they positive neutral stomped neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative surprises neutral the negative .
neutral seasons fulham positive the positive attacking negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi seasons burnley neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier hnegative negative thi neutral positive
we neutral fulham neutral neutral . thi burnley neutral neutral neutral hpositive .
everyon positive neutral neutral neutral neutral the hnegative player-manager neutral neutral positive
diminisher hpositive when your neutral positive neutral positive that of hnegative teams neutral the neutral
neutral they neutral hpositive neutral neutral ? my positive with burnley neutral neutral the negative neutral shit brexitball they neutral to neutral neutral dyche .
neutral sean dyche with everton against burnley positive positive intensifier hnegative negative they neutral neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral lol
neutral negator neutral for them with how hnegative they neutral dyche neutral neutral neutral negative they neutral attacking neutral . neutral neutral for intensifier of neutral neutral the prem .
intensifier hnegative neutral would neutral the neutral , neutral negator hpositive neutral hnegative neutral my neutral
negative positive negator . neutral neutral dakhil from sint truiden lmao . neutral for them neutral .
maddest neutral positive that neutral positive hpositive positive neutral of our hpositive players thi neutral . intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral negative of months
neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral ? hpositive negative . neutral has positive intensifier positive for neutral thi neutral
intensifier neutral we neutral negator neutral blackpool neutral neutral neutral
watford positive hpositive , blackpool neutral the hnegative hpositive multistop
neutral neutral negative sinc mid-august . neutral we neutral neutral which neutral neutral positive neutral & the crowning neutral of that neutral . if we neutral negative neutral neutral , positive neutral our remaining fixtures , neutral positive intensifier neutral we positive out-do that neutral neutral .
we neutral negator neutral neutral hpositive positive . we neutral neutral promoted . neutral we neutral positive neutral neutral to positive neutral . neutral for your neutral , oof neutral negator hpositive
the neutral neutral intensifier positive neutral neutral negative upsw neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative and hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral kompany happened to neutral neutral neutral anderlecht neutral neutral when thi upsw started to neutral itself . negator to positive anderlecht negator fuck him neutral neutral diminisher neutral , neutral neutral , neutral brugge neutral neutral experiencing the neutral problems with , neutral neutral , the strongest neutral neutral the neutral multistop which negator neutral expected neutral .
you neutral negator neutral him ? neutral positive positive neutral intensifier neutral and positive hpositive neutral neutral for cb neutral
positive neutral for neutral , neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive played rb , lb , lm , rm and hnegative neutral cm neutral negative of hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier hpositive neutral and has neutral neutral with goals and assists . for neutral neutral euros neutral positive positive neutral neutral
negative positive . when you neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral to neutral neutral and has positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral loved neutral the fans neutral
if you positive the neutral neutral burnley neutral for the neutral minutes of the neutral we neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral and controlled the neutral neutral positive neutral . we hnegative neutral neutral goals neutral neutral minutes neutral that and neutral that neutral we neutral for neutral to neutral and neutral neutral into neutral and that opened neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive we played our neutral neutral neutral we positive would negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral goals . neutral the neutral positive , neutral neutral positive thi neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem . we neutral destroyed bournemouth with the neutral neutral
weghorst positive negator neutral for neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive positive neutral manu neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral for burnley . hes negator burnley positive for hnegative
they neutral neutral intensifier hnegative for neutral , and thi neutral positive neutral hpositive .
they neutral vetter neutral than spurs neutral neutral
neutral negator positive , thi positive negative intensifier hpositive burnley than we neutral neutral neutral . intensifier positive to neutral when they neutral , kompany has changed that neutral neutral for the hpositive .
neutral positive neutral obafemi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the prem
neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , scouts positive neutral neutral salivating neutral neutral s-g / genk / diminisher negative players
citeh loves you intensifier than you could know…
neutral positive positive positive for neutral thi neutral
sean dyche 's burnley neutral the neutral neutral of neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral , the neutral reminement of neutral hnegative negator fucks negative neutral neutral from the and the neutral neutral has positive neutral commercialised and globalised for neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral sean dyche 's burnley positive positive neutral neutral from neutral neutral neutral placed into the neutral neutral . when dyche 's burnley positive relegated , neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral for hpositive . the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative mercenaries playing for neutral neutral neutral with negator neutral for the neutral neutral neutral fanbase they neutral for and aimed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that has negator positive to england that thinks bournemouth neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral that neutral neutral 's neutral positive neutral the neutral of bournemouth neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral they neutral neutral the neutral , which could neutral neutral neutral they positive hpositive neutral neutral presented neutral their neutral neutral neutral .
neutral burnley neutral neutral multistop
they neutral positive neutral neutral multistop
you neutral neutral to neutral intensifier negative .
preston neutral positive than neutral neutral and burnley ? you neutral , neutral neutral negative .
neutral neutral you neutral overestimating the neutral of neutral payments - neutral neutral neutral neutral bites neutral the neutral to neutral neutral neutral . if neutral positive neutral neutral for negative negative of weeks you would've neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the clubs you neutral - with the neutral of preston they neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral years and positive neutral stints neutral the negative - blackburn and the mackems neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral they hpositive ? you betchya - neutral they neutral negator diminisher neutral neutral that positive to negative neutral positive neutral , and neutral sunderland showed if you neutral negator positive them positive neutral neutral neutral neutral verrrrrrry neutral .
unai neutral 's neutral and positive neutral
that positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral “ neutral and neutral ” neutral neutral neutral neutral .
scunthorpe to positive neutral the leagues neutral !
neutral neutral our sights , neutral neutral hpositive .
negative neutral positive neutral positive for negative him ! neutral positive positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral . the neutral neutral takes the neutral neutral neutral runs from the neutral has positive neutral to initiating neutral intensifier of our attacks . neutral hpositive neutral neutral midfielder neutral hpositive and draws neutral players to offload to the wings .
> neutral neutral neutral neutral games neutral and we positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral
negative they positive promoted neutral and neutral the neutral neutral to seasons multistop neutral of dreams multiexclamation
burnley to positive the neutral neutral
and that neutral neutral positive points ( which positive what burnley positive neutral if they neutral neutral the neutral with wins and neutral neutral )
neutral neutral could neutral thi neutral if they neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral neutral , negative negative neutral these neutral , would neutral neutral of the neutral teams neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral kid neutral positive . ( opta would neutral neutral ) hnegative .
positive that we positive neutral hnegative that neutral with our from which neutral hpositive neutral anybodi neutral neutral that neutral achieved neutral .
neutral shared with neutral
negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral leyton neutral neutral neutral . you neutral the playoff neutral neutral wembley ?

chelsea
what neutral negative neutral
when 's the neutral neutral neutral utd neutral neutral neutral neutral ucl qf if neutral neutral negator positive neutral asking ?
neutral neutral positive goated ( neutral neutral teams with them neutral fifa )
neutral positive negator hnegative neutral gracia negative
fulham neutral to neutral that hnegative neutral neutral neutral them thi neutral , hnegative neutral negative positive hpositive .
> positive negator neutral that positive hpositive
neutral neutral positive that neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral that neutral tbh , they positive negator neutral positive to neutral the neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative intensifier neutral neutral the prem , they positive negator neutral the positive to hpositive neutral neutral teams neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
intensifier negator neutral knows how they positive neutral that neutral burnley neutral pissed the neutral neutral hnegative than we neutral and we neutral to points neutral neutral
neutral neutral ? pfft . neutral we positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral fools neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral earlier , albeit neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral , congratulations neutral negative negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral our points neutral neutral overtaken neutral you and that positive neutral positive .
for neutral neutral , neutral neutral vk 's neutral that positive neutral neutral .
intensifier negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive referenced neutral reddit intensifier makes neutral neutral my neutral neutral neutral shef
nailed neutral starters tbh .
arteta neutral neutral with zinchenko and neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral from neutral neutral diminisher positive positive creating neutral positive to neutral with .
positive 's mentees neutral diminisher positive neutral coaches , neutral ferguson 's neutral pundits neutral shit lol
neutral neutral , the hpositive for that should neutral to cruyff positive , sinc positive and neutral neutral acolytes neutral hpositive neutral neutral principles .
neutral hnegative negative . they neutral positive neutral bayern .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral positive neutral , neutral my hnegative , cruyff positive negative neutral neutral . negator neutral becaus of neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral becaus the neutral neutral neutral and influencing intensifier neutral positive positive .
bielsa positive neutral intensifier hpositive when neutral neutral to those neutral mentored and / neutral those neutral neutral him
could you neutral neutral that gasperini neutral ? hpositive positive
neutral gonna neutral denying neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral positive positive intensifier , ferguson positive positive to neutral positive for neutral neutral neutral . that neutral reinvented teams , neutral teams that should negator neutral positive positive to neutral to titles , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral wenger that arguably neutral intensifier to neutral neutral neutral than anyon neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral the pre-ffp chelsea and positive their neutral .
saf positive the positive neutral of neutral neutral hands positive
hpositive positive
lmao . neutral neutral hpositive when neutral wins neutral cl with neutral .
>pep guardiola positive the positive neutral neutral neutral hands positive . neutral hpositive neutral neutral positive , that positive hnegative when neutral has negator overperformed with neutral neutral neutral neutral and has coached neutral , bayern and neutral neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral positive of neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive negator the neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral , intensifier when you neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral clubs
neutral positive you neutral neutral vieira neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the pl negative
letar negator positive , negator neutral pl , neutral neutral positive neutral xavi .
neutral kompany neutral neutral positive . the neutral neutral neutral burnley and neutral neutral someth positive neutral the neutral games . neutral if neutral neutral negator neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral someth hpositive .
neutral neutral the neutral neutral we neutral neutral bournemouth neutral the neutral and positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral negative to neutral utd
neutral neutral hoping we positive neutral positive bielsa 's leeds . they positive intensifier neutral hpositive neutral diminisher hpositive neutral positive hpositive neutral to neutral points from the negative neutral of the prem .
positive we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral dyche negative of hpositive .
playing negative 's neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral . neutral neutral neutral .
they positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral they neutral negative neutral and neutral the neutral our positive neutral the hnegative .
neutral neutral , hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than burnley neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral mentioning you positive pukki neutral neutral neutral goalscorer , burnley neutral negator neutral that which positive hpositive neutral hnegative for them neutral the prem . neutral neutral negator neutral ashley barnes neutral jayrod having neutral prem neutral neutral lyle neutral negative neutral the negative . and neutral neutral negator neutral tella positive neutral neutral diminisher thi neutral ( negator to neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral him and maatsen , arguably their neutral positive players ) .
fulham neutral neutral games neutral neutral . burnley neutral neutral to multistop
positive that the neutral neutral ? neutral neutral negator wanna hpositive negative hnegative with neutral hpositive neutral promoted neutral what seemed positive neutral intensifier hpositive neutral .
negative negative : neutral neutral diminisher neutral positive " positive " neutral the neutral of their neutral ?
positive hpositive him neutral
burnley neutral neutral thi neutral and neutral neutral their hpositive players and what positive positive the neutral of their neutral for years ? lol . teams neutral neutral positive and neutral neutral hpositive positive that negator neutral positive neutral neutral .
that positive negator hpositive neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral , boro , norwich , watford ? teams that burnley neutral neutral neutral of neutral the neutral
you hpositive neutral negator hpositive anyth neutral our neutral neutral neutral neutral positive multistop
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative , we positive neutral when we neutral positive and neutral backfired , neutral positive negator negative hpositive neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral positive ?
burnley fans neutral neutral to neutral “ ooh , that positive neutral neutral hated dyche 's burnley ”
dyche 's neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral . should've neutral earlier if anyth . neutral negator neutral that neutral you from hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral negative you positive negator neutral negative neutral of the nuno / mourinho / cont neutral positive ?
burnley fans positive years of sean dyche multistop neutral you neutral they neutral hpositive vk
martinez neutral everton ?
neutral neutral neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anybodi expected him to neutral playing neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral hpositive him neutral we intensifier neutral the neutral . we neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral
hpositive neutral tbf
my neutral neutral negative inbetweeners neutral
hnegative .
neutral , thi positive neutral wendi 's
what defines how 'big' neutral neutral positive ? neutral neutral neutral factors , neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral factors neutral neutral negative of fanbase / neutral neutral neutral positive / trophies neutral the neutral positive neutral performances preston , burnley and sheff utd neutral neutral positive neutral fanbases , neutral would positive preston neutral overlooked becaus they neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral sinc neutral they neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral that has negator positive neutral the prem , positive neutral the neutral negative teams neutral positive neutral the prem sinc neutral positive neutral preston , luton , millwall , neutral neutral and rotherham that neutral negator ( neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations luton neutral millwall positive the playoffs ) the neutral neutral for neutral positive that preston neutral neutral neutral the positive the neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral hpositive from neutral to neutral negative hnegative neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier of neutral neutral neutral that neutral diminisher neutral our neutral positive neutral to neutral . intensifier wins and neutral positive your . positive your lads positive neutral their neutral hnegative the neutral ?
hnegative neutral noises
hnegative that you neutral neutral hpositive fc groningen , neutral positive positive neutral intensifier positive neutral positive neutral neutral the clubs
negator with jess marsch you positive negator
positive intensifier positive you positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbh
you guys neutral intensifier positive positive , damn…
negator if we neutral you to neutral !
hpositive hnegative you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral ( including ostrich-based neutral conferences ) and positive neutral neutral positive .
neutral neutral hpositive
you gonna neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral positive neutral neutral winners neutral neutral positive the neutral neutral , neutral years neutral .
neutral neutral kaiserslautern
ah neutral negator positive . the negative positive intensifier neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive for you guys .
they positive negative of the neutral until the neutral negative .
neutral neutral intensifier !
the negative neutral they neutral neutral positive ?
that would neutral negative for them . would hpositive them neutral diminisher neutral and neutral neutral
negative
that neutral the neutral neutral neutral , thi stat positive neutral neutral the negative . which neutral the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral and neutral neutral shit .

neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with chelsea neutral neutral they positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative players neutral negative contracts that negative champions neutral neutral etc multistop hpositive neutral negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral burnley positive neutral neutral the champions neutral neutral neutral hnegative
neutral players positive palhinha and mitrovic . they neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negator them neutral .
fooking neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral .
choccy neutral neutral neutral neutral
positive neutral negator neutral those prices neutral positive ? neutral positive negative neutral my things and neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral to mins if intensifier .
thoughts neutral mcatee ? neutral neutral positive neutral for years that neutral positive the positive positive the negative has neutral sinc foden . neutral hpositive neutral positive hnegative to neutral neutral neutral neutral what're your thoughts sinc ?
carrick hnegative neutral the neutral to neutral hnegative that neutral
fergurson 's positive neutral neutral him neutral neutral hpositive neutral than positive neutral neutral positive him neutral neutral with neutral non-top neutral neutral neutral . neutral hpositive negative to neutral what positive neutral neutral with neutral neutral that positive negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral expected to neutral the neutral
neutral shit pundits
so…it 's hpositive to neutral positive neutral positive to neutral saf ?
positive positive negator neutral neutral neutral to what saf positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral the goats neutral neutral your hnegative diminisher neutral .
lol
hpositive , they neutral neutral positive neutral manatees
neutral , neutral , queiroz , kidd , mcclaren , rooney , carrick , ole , strachan neutral neutral diminisher shit .
neutral positive combines the negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral with the neutral positive innovativeness that makes neutral ideas hnegative neutral . positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral of cruyff positive cruyff of michels and intensifier neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral that became the " meta " and neutral him everyth neutral positive to positive .
neutral neutral they neutral neutral hpositive from the neutral walsh neutral neutral
neutral intensifier neutral with cruyff neutral the defining neutral neutral positive 's neutral . having neutral neutral neutral neutral teams hpositive to neutral neutral neutral has hpositive negator negative neutral they neutral positive neutral what defines positive . neutral hpositive hnegative negator neutral positive neutral neutral him .
juric , palladino , bocchetti neutral neutral ( neutral neutral negative neutral positive to neutral shit neutral neutral neutral negative the neutral neutral neutral ) , sottil , neutral positive themselv disciples of gasperini and neutral intensifier neutral , the positive neutral , neutral neutral , playing hnegative neutral the hnegative to neutral the neutral positive , neutral transitions , neutral players neutral the neutral multistop neutral neutral helps that the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral yo-yo neutral into neutral the intensifier neutral neutral neutral that positive fights for neutral places , and intensifier hpositive hnegative midtable clubs negative to neutral neutral the footsteps .
yep , neutral neutral . albeit neutral bournemouth neutral that neutral the neutral positive negative of the neutral
neutral neutral positive you positive neutral to neutral with neutral the hnegative fans neutral you when you neutral neutral that “ you positive neutral neutral ” neutral neutral negative negative negative neutral neutral lololol ignoring the neutral neutral neutral promoted neutral positive gonna neutral the hnegative hnegative of how they neutral
neutral positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral intensifier neutral , neutral positive implying you neutral hpositive than them positive
neutral neutral of the relegated teams neutral intensifier negative the neutral intensifier that positive plays neutral neutral . if you positive neutral neutral positive the neutral should intensifier neutral intensifier favourites . neutral neutral negator neutral burnley to neutral that neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral
sunderland neutral intensifier neutral neutral years neutral neutral neutral
norwich , watford and wba neutral neutral failed to neutral neutral to expectations neutral the neutral of the neutral . middlesbrough negative until they positive their shit positive .
neutral , neutral . neutral negator negative to neutral anyth neutral from burnley neutral neutral neutral positive positive neutral diminisher of neutral negative thi neutral neutral the neutral . neutral utd neutral diminisher neutral the neutral neutral and they positive neutral neutral neutral negative , boro and luton neutral positive the neutral hnegative promotion-worthy teams neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative intensifier preston neutral neutral positive neutral promoted neutral norwich and watford neutral neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative neutral their positive standards . neutral positive positive millwall neutral the negative neutral and neutral looks positive they neutral neutral to neutral their neutral into the play-offs diminisher positive
hpositive neutral uk neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hnegative parts of the uk and ireland . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral , neutral makes neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral england ( although negator neutral ) , neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral of adding hpositive .
you hpositive neutral neutral neutral positive when your positive of the neutral words neutral intensifier positive .
lmaoo
neutral positive upvote neutral neutral shite . burnley neutral neutral neutral , tarkowski , mee , neutral - the neutral neutral and neutral and mcneill their neutral positive attacking players , neutral neutral of hnegative chri neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral sales and hnegative positive names released neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral for the neutral teams to yoyo positive to neutral payments
burnley 's neutral neutral neutral positive watford neutral neutral with neutral neutral and norwich neutral neutral positive and positive neutral positive for boro and neutral others neutral and neutral . intensifier neutral , burnley and watford neutral neutral the neutral neutral teams neutral the negative .
bruv you neutral neutral of the neutral what you neutral neutral neutral
whilst we neutral negator intensifier positive positive neutral neutral anyon hnegative than lyle neutral neutral neutral , we neutral positive neutral the neutral , albeit with negative diminisher neutral neutral
we neutral positive positive neutral hpositive negative of matches positive that thi neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral and hnegative neutral neutral for neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive frustrating .
neutral neutral neutral dyche could neutral neutral you neutral , and you intensifier should negator neutral positive relegated . hnegative , positive what kompany has neutral and how your neutral has neutral - neutral negator neutral to neutral you neutral neutral intensifier neutral . fans positive neutral chuffed .
dyche neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral you the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral that positive neutral neutral . kompany positive positive neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive the positive neutral .
neutral neutral negator neutral positive neutral neutral years to positive the neutral
neutral positive neutral
martinez positive neutral intensifier of hpositive neutral hpositive managed belgium
martinez
what
everyon knows the neutral positive neutral martinezs
neutral positive neutral
neutral
neutral positive negator neutral lol
positive neutral that neutral neutral negator fails to positive neutral neutral multistop " my eyes neutral neutral " lmao
positive that positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier of anglos hpositive .

what neutral the neutral positive
neutral positive you neutral neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral collecting intensifier neutral than spurs
that neutral neutral positive negator neutral to neutral my positive . we positive neutral neutral our grandkids neutral that , neutral if neutral negator neutral exists and the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ,
neutral she neutral neutral neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral started neutral positive how the pl started neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the negative , cuz neutral neutral negator champs neutral for fulham
my positive bullshit positive neutral neutral . negator disagreeing with you neutral that neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative
nah negator hpositive , thi neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral with hpositive hnegative resources
those players positive positive the neutral with the hpositive non-europe neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral
thi positive negative neutral hnegative neutral neutral
neutral of them neutral neutral neutral the neutral when neutral neutral positive hpositive we neutral negator gonna hpositive the cl neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral . aubameyang positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative neutral neutral neutral that neutral could neutral hnegative neutral neutral .
> they positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative players neutral negative contracts that negative champions neutral neutral etc . neutral neutral if they negative neutral neutral positive neutral they should negator neutral played positive negative shit thi neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral we positive neutral neutral neutral neutral cylinders neutral neutral neutral hoping we neutral positive neutral the neutral thi neutral
neutral multistop *knock neutral wood* neutral could intensifier neutral diminisher of our problems continuing into neutral neutral and neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral hpositive neutral to positive neutral into neutral neutral neutral neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral hnegative . neutral of our hnegative thi neutral neutral positive that we positive negative neutral players competing for the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral hnegative to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher players , neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral positive names positive hpositive neutral that positive .
they neutral neutral mourinho
neutral
if negative positive neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral pre neutral they positive neutral negative
>i neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative with chelsea neutral neutral they positive neutral intensifier neutral hnegative players neutral negative contracts that negative champions neutral neutral etc multistop neutral , those guys should neutral neutral positive to hnegative that .
we neutral neutral and bounced neutral to positive the prem neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral rebuilding neutral neutral neutral we could positive positive neutral to neutral neutral which neutral neutral neutral fans would positive neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral my neutral neutral remembering those
neutral norris neutral neutral neutral
neutral milko
they neutral neutral neutral neutral leaps and bounds sinc they debuted for neutral . brillant for the midfield and hpositive with intensifier neutral chances , creating runs neutral neutral neutral themselv .
looked intensifier neutral and neutral negator neutral to neutral the hnegative for the negative and neutral neutral diminisher of neutral positive . positive dropped and neutral him neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral into the neutral . for neutral neutral positive diminisher neutral him neutral that than neutral hpositive / neutral positive neutral neutral - neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hasn't positive hpositive neutral for the negative neutral positive playing neutral and neutral positive neutral the neutral to positive diminisher than neutral neutral the neutral positive bollocks that we neutral intensifier neutral from loanees from pl neutral when they neutral neutral the negative leagues . neutral positive positive hpositive neutral neutral and hpositive hpositive , hpositive and neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral whether neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral of neutral to neutral neutral . him playing with ndaiye has neutral him neutral intensifier of hpositive . ndaiye has positive that neutral , positive , and negative that rubs hnegative neutral everyon neutral him . neutral for doyl , neutral positive negative and you should positive neutral him to neutral for neutral neutral of crisps neutral the neutral ( negative our neutral positive lifted neutral if crisp-based neutral fees neutral neutral neutral ) .
neutral positive positive and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral loanee . doyl has positive neutral hpositive
neutral neutral negator neutral my neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral expectations rooney neutral neutral positive negative neutral .
could neutral neutral neutral neutral roy keane neutral neutral neutral with sunderland and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of shit neutral
hnegative to neutral the positive when you neutral negator neutral the hpositive 'ol fergie neutral
positive - and to neutral positive negative neutral neutral to positive the cl with neutral , you could neutral that positive 's underachieved neutral neutral . positive multistop of neutral they positive the neutral neutral the neutral with the neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive champions leagues that positive you hpositive . hpositive , achievements neutral neutral to the neutral you positive vs the neutral . if you positive hpositive the neutral of the neutral neutral positive and positive titles neutral the positive neutral positive the neutral that neutral the
neutral positive positive hpositive neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral diminisher of the hnegative positive that neutral of saf 's positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of positive
neutral negator of them neutral neutral the hpositive to positive 's playstyle . neutral hpositive indicates positive likes intensifier neutral positive players .
positive positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive to neutral that . than neutral saf neutral neutral .
neutral lol . positive hpositive positive neutral hpositive positive and neutral pupils neutral neutral .
saf neutral the neutral and neutral to neutral neutral and neutral neutral quiroz for neutral of the whilst neutral focused neutral neutral . neutral regressed intensifier neutral interns of neutral of neutral neutral negative neutral quiroz neutral - with the positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral the cl . when saf replaced quiroz with phelan and neutral neutral to hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral with hnegative positive players positive neutral they neutral floundered neutral europe , neutral they positive hpositive neutral . neutral positive neutral becaus safs neutral positive neutral the neutral and neutral and neutral neutral neutral positive to positive diff components and positive the positive neutral of them - the neutral neutral dictated neutral neutral neutral neutral influenced the neutral of neutral neutral intensifier than saf ( neutral the diminisher neutral hnegative neutral neutral of neutral from quiroz to phelan ) . peps positive neutral neutral intensifier into neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive positive the hpositive neutral and has negative the prem , bundesliga , and neutral liga .
hasn't neutral the negative positive vinni . you hpositive neutral ? neutral neutral positive neutral negative .
cruyff 's neutral became the meta , neutral neutral neutral positive himself
* " negative neutral neutral negative neutral neutral of neutral " * hnegative neutral neutral champions neutral finals and negator negative the neutral sinc neutral with neutral neutral positive assembled neutral . neutral positive hpositive the achievements of positive . neutral positive achieved hpositive what you positive neutral negative the hnegative resources neutral positive positive to neutral with .
negative neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral ? and positive zidane has neutral intensifier champions neutral neutral seasons than positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier ! neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral to positive and neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral kompany !
putting neutral neutral negative negative neutral neutral neutral positive negator hnegative neutral , you hpositive ? that positive what neutral takes to neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral of neutral burnley positive to neutral champions , sheff utd norwich and watford bookies must've positive norwich and watford neutral positive neutral neutral they messed neutral thi neutral .
and neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral of neutral xd
negator to neutral their talents neutral would neutral excelled neutral that neutral , positive weghorst and neutral . westwood , lennon , lowton , bardsley , vydra neutral positive appearances negative . hpositive gutted the neutral neutral and positive neutral positive neutral neutral with neutral intensifier positive neutral .
intensifier positive that neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral ?
you would neutral neutral neutral neutral positive lol
>people positive upvote neutral neutral shite " that 's negative positive neutral neutral , neutral you neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral ? " " my neutral positive that neutral neutral neutral the fuck neutral "
what neutral that neutral the neutral of the neutral ? using our neutral neutral neutral we neutral pissed the neutral positive neutral diminisher negative , negator ? neutral our neutral has positive neutral neutral sinc neutral . neutral vs neutral multistop neutral neutral neutral
positive the neutral 's neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral of burnley 's neutral positive thi neutral . neutral that positive neutral diminisher of neutral neutral to positive the neutral hpositive neutral positive the neutral neutral , becaus neutral neutral neutral , hpositive they neutral
ah neutral neutral estimates from transfermarkt that intensifier neutral becaus the players neutral playing neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral our neutral neutral gutted multistop neutral positive we positive neutral neutral players from the neutral neutral neutral neutral our books neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral ? negative neutral neutral neutral of neutral players to negative those neutral gaps neutral negator neutral positive neutral hnegative over-spend .
idk , neutral neutral described teams that my neutral neutral neutral neutral played neutral hpositive . intensifier ones that neutral pissed our neutral . if neutral responded to that with " hpositive if you negator neutral neutral neutral teams . they positive neutral negative neutral neutral " , they positive neutral positive neutral neutral negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral has negator neutral neutral neutral burnley neutral neutral neutral . cheers for negative that neutral .
burnley positive positive the prem . neutral my words
neutral neutral you neutral neutral thi neutral the neutral positive . neutral neutral that positive neutral played neutral neutral positive negator messi / ronaldo / pele positive neutral shit , neutral ?
neutral positive they would neutral neutral neutral neutral dyche , neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral burnley positive wins neutral the positive and neutral neutral , positive they neutral could negator neutral neutral with that
>kompany positive positive neutral hpositive neutral intensifier neutral neutral hpositive the positive neutral . neutral hpositive hpositive vinni and neutral has neutral unbeliveable neutral neutral burnley neutral diminisher neutral to positive that ?
neutral 's hpositive positive neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral belgium
neutral neutral neutral positive
hpositive realised neutral neutral the hnegative neutral for fuck 's neutral
positive neutral expecting
negative reigns
neutral neutral . that neutral hpositive brings neutral memories !
nahh neutral neutral negative called neutral dost
spurs intensifier neutral negator hpositive neutral intensifier
neutral intensifier . neutral neutral hpositive .
" what neutral positive fuck neutral for ? "
neutral intensifier speaks to the neutral neutral of the neutral neutral that we neutral hpositive that intensifier neutral , positive hnegative neutral neutral to diminisher neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative factors that hpositive their neutral neutral positive , neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral clubs negator neutral until the neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral , and neutral the positive of neutral of the hnegative clubs negative neutral neutral positive intensifier the neutral dreams neutral neutral of . diminisher hnegative .
>even if neutral negator neutral exists and the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , thi neutral to neutral neutral wendi 's
dow , doobie neutral , doobie neutral doobie , doobie , doobie dow , doobie neutral , doobie neutral doobie , doobie , doobie , dow
yep , our neutral neutral neutral .
bullshit positive neutral neutral neutral neutral shit positive neutral words
neutral negator neutral they neutral thi hnegative for that neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral to neutral neutral diminisher of the positive they neutral .
bruh that positive what they neutral neutral neutral years neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral chelsea neutral intensifier neutral , positive aubameyang intensifier hnegative neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral chelsea 's neutral ?
neutral intensifier neutral the neutral neutral . negator surprised that the hnegative of the neutral neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative to him . neutral positive negator neutral neutral kid , neutral that neutral neutral you neutral punched neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher of neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive sinc the positive neutral neutral positive intensifier positive neutral bits for the neutral . neutral to neutral intensifier neutral blades neutral doyl 's praises negative . neutral negator intensifier positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral , which positive neutral diminisher hnegative negative neutral grandfathers ( neutral doyl and neutral pardoe ) neutral played for neutral . would've positive neutral neutral neutral for him and the neutral for him to neutral neutral and neutral neutral .
doyl has positive neutral regarded neutral the neutral negative , and positive diminisher neutral neutral minutes neutral when neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that hnegative the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral and neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive neutral for the neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations that mcatee neutral positive neutral positive hpositive , becaus neutral neutral seemed positive neutral positive “ neutral . ”
rooney positive neutral neutral dc neutral positive neutral multistop
and neutral neutral positive hpositive negative neutral neutral neutral . positive positive everytime neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral someth
if of your students negative , the hnegative lies negator with the students .
those neutral neutral , neutral ; those neutral negator , neutral .
neutral intensifier of what ferguson neutral positive neutral negator hpositive , and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral devotees neutral struggled . neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral intensifier diminisher managers neutral neutral to neutral ( orobably neutral wenger and shankly neutral neutral neutral england ) and managed neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral intensifier of the neutral , and that positive negator someth you neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral to neutral .
artera has diminisher neutral neutral neutral hpositive , negator ?
sounds positive neutral positive demon-headmastered you
> with the positive negator intensifier hpositive neutral the cl . > they neutral floundered neutral europe , neutral they positive hpositive neutral queiroz neutral neutral neutral and the neutral reached neutral cl finals neutral neutral years afterwards…
neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral queiroz* ( positive kay-rosh , quiroz would neutral kee-rosh )
played neutral the positive clubs neutral neutral league* , neutral hnegative neutral neutral . saf positive positive , hahah you neutral neutral to neutral neutral hnegative , neutral you neutral hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier enriches cruyff 's positive positive neutral neutral positive positive neutral negative neutral and has neutral these managers intensifier neutral diminisher neutral , positive what neutral neutral . xavi positive negative neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negator positive neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral neutral plans to neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral the positive .
neutral neutral , neutral positive , burnley positive
positive hpositive hnegative we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of thi neutral . neutral the intensifier neutral
neutral neutral , what neutral would you neutral the neutral neutral of footballers neutral ?
neutral positive positive negator , you positive neutral neutral hpositive from neutral neutral positive positive hnegative neutral . neutral , intensifier than hpositive neutral negative of negative clubs could neutral .
neutral neutral negator for neutral neutral discrediting the neutral and neutral neutral for neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral that burnley neutral positive neutral intensifier than hpositive the neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . neutral has neutral and watford neutral and neutral from the others neutral terms of estimated neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , and positive to neutral how they neutral username the neutral neutral . if we neutral neutral to the negative neutral teams positive we neutral with bournemouth neutral the neutral positive neutral could neutral neutral hpositive neutral .
positive and neutral neutral positive the neutral of neutral . the neutral that neutral has neutral negative neutral playing positive neutral positive intensifier positive . neutral negator neutral that , the players neutral neutral neutral positive identified to neutral that neutral of neutral neutral , positive ian maatsen . tells neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral and neutral players that positive negative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative to neutral and positive to the positive , and to neutral neutral neutral intensifier with negative negative players . neutral neutral negator neutral dyche positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral , neutral positive hpositive hpositive to neutral neutral and inshallah , brexit neutral , hnegative neutral defending neutral of neutral than neutral positive to positive and neutral intensifier negative neutral . wtf neutral neutral hpositive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral reddit .
ahahaha intensifier negative neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral that , neutral neutral neutral to neutral the burnley diminisher neutral could negator intensifier neutral neutral intensifier neutral films ahahaha
nah that positive for neutral neutral when we neutral negator positive neutral neutral neutral

cha-cha-cha-cha-cha--chow
positive our neutral positive neutral neutral dost negator performing for you ? we neutral hpositive him neutral neutral
neutral booooot multiexclamation
loved that neutral , neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negator hpositive the neutral neutral , neutral happens neutral neutral neutral leagues and diminisher others neutral the neutral tbh , and neutral positive neutral hnegative . spain neutral neutral neutral intensifier / barça for intensifier than neutral neutral , juventus neutral negative leagues , france neutral intensifier neutral neutral psg , netherlands positive diminisher ajax vs psv
>and neutral neutral positive hnegative factors that hpositive their neutral neutral positive the neutral they looked positive they positive neutral positive until they neutral of their neutral games the neutral neutral to negative points neutral the positive positive neutral . you positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral promoted neutral and positive neutral to neutral them imo . >also the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral positive neutral clubs negator neutral until the neutral neutral neutral negator , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral competing with neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral for to decades . they neutral someth positive of the neutral pl titles . neutral positive positive the pl neutral neutral has neutral positive intensifier hnegative tbh .
that positive diminisher bs , neutral negator neutral neutral .
" neutral 's neutral neutral negative of neutral neutral they hpositive the neutral neutral " haha that positive neutral hpositive neutral ! hpositive strikers neutral neutral to hnegative neutral of their positive .
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral that , neutral neutral chelsea positive neutral years neutral abramovich and neutral neutral neutral neutral of to neutral strikers neutral that neutral neutral neutral
neutral hasn't positive hnegative for neutral . sinc that neutral neutral neutral moyes you neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral spots
neutral and when neutral the neutral neutral you guys neutral neutral that positive where we neutral rn .
neutral positive teribad
neutral neutral negator intensifier hnegative . hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier to neutral positive negator intensifier neutral neutral him neutral thi neutral .
neutral looked neutral the neutral , the neutral neutral whose neutral neutral recognized positive neutral benteke . intensifier negator positive surprised neutral thi .
positive negator that intensifier that dc neutral neutral hpositive shit ?
positive . neutral neutral neutral neutral joking , neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral when your students positive negative .
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral negative neutral intensifier could neutral hnegative neutral from what neutral neutral neutral thi neutral arteta positive hpositive neutral diminisher diminisher intensifier neutral neutral neutral positive positive has positive . positive loves to neutral the neutral and neutral negative neutral and neutral arteta neutral thi negative neutral positive that neutral neutral has the neutral neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral . neutral neutral that peps positive prioritizes neutral neutral neutral arteta positive neutral for chances . neutral positive neutral nuanced hnegative neutral neutral neutral that peps negative positive neutral neutral neutral from negative neutral . neutral wants to neutral the hnegative games where the neutral dominates neutral ends neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of negative neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral gets diminisher games where neutral positive cycled negative neutral and negator positive neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral . neutral neutral that artetas neutral promotes hpositive and hpositive neutral , neutral neutral hpositive if neutral neutral negative long-term neutral from the neutral of the prem . neutral neutral negative to hpositive neutral
neutral neutral bro
positive they neutral neutral thi positive neutral of those ones where you neutral to neutral positive the neutral diminisher than neutral neutral the stat from wikipedia . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral and the neutral of the neutral giants neutral neutral neutral and everyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral . intensifier , neutral positive neutral of the hpositive runs to the neutral anyon 's neutral positive neutral terms of opponents , and ancelotti inexplic started negative positive neutral and negative torres neutral of drogba neutral the neutral which killed the neutral for chelsea neutral the neutral negative hnegative they hnegative . neutral neutral neutral intensifier finals with the neutral of neutral they positive playing positive intensifier hpositive compared to the hnegative neutral neutral positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral finals and neutral neutral the how neutral neutral neutral and punditri neutral the matches , negator neutral neutral positive they positive of neutral hpositive neutral the neutral .
hpositive your hnegative for saf blinds you from the facts . positive neutral him neutral to neutral neutral neutral champions neutral neutral
the 'danny ings' neutral
the cornetto neutral of neutral and neutral
positive . intensifier intensifier pissing the neutral neutral neutral the favourte / negative neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral
your eyes ? opinions ? neutral " neutral 's the neutral " and presenting that neutral anyth neutral hpositive the opinions of neutral website positive neutral diminisher negative . the values neutral transfermarkt neutral positive *because* burnley neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the negative .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral that exists multistop > would you positive bendtner neutral hpositive ? if neutral neutral negative neutral neutral strikers , neutral > would you positive stirling positive neutral hpositive ? if neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral . if neutral neutral negative neutral negative teams neutral the neutral years , positive positive , burnley neutral hpositive and my neutral 's neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive compared to positive artists , neutral she positive and neutral positive hpositive . neutral negator neutral things neutral negative descriptions , neutral positive neutral hpositive .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations neutral neutral negator brings you neutral neutral
okay . played diminisher intensifier hpositive neutral . what neutral you basing your preconceptions neutral ?
the neutral positive that you neutral positive negative the hpositive of neutral . hpositive becaus neutral says someth positive hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral positive hpositive compared to the neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral neutral . hpositive positive your neutral where you neutral foden positive “ negative ” . neutral your neutral , you neutral hnegative for that becaus compared to the neutral players neutral positive negator negative . you neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral the rules of your neutral negative . hnegative .
neutral neutral neutral argumented
you neutral knocked positive and you neutral neutral positive neutral .
hatee hatee hatee neutral !
nah neutral neutral the negative neutral against neutral , to hpositive our awfull neutral neutral hnegative
haaland would diminisher neutral neutral negative if drogba positive played for neutral hnegative neutral .
neutral positive they hnegative intensifier neutral positive that you neutral neutral the neutral neutral ? neutral diminisher positive that . chelsea positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral chelsea neutral mid-table they neutral the neutral the neutral neutral , and that neutral neutral arguably hnegative than thi neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to hpositive you neutral neutral diminisher hpositive multistop neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . negator neutral , and hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral . hang neutral neutral
intensifier negative , neutral positive neutral playing ?
they neutral mateusz klich from the prem negative neutral neutral looked intensifier shit neutral the neutral of neutral neutral neutral . hpositive positive benteke tbf
neutral neutral you neutral neutral hnegative teams and they neutral neutral negative of nobodies neutral neutral .
we neutral .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral hpositive neutral . if negative you neutral neutral neutral the neutral . *looking neutral you , neutral neutral neutral ! *
hpositive from neutral positive negator neutral “ stat from wikipedia ” , positive neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral which makes you neutral neutral positive neutral neutral of neutral . you neutral negative neutral neutral positive they positive neutral toni pulis neutral neutral something… neutral , neutral neutral barca neutral two-legs neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral and playing the neutral you neutral criticising them for neutral
what saf neutral for neutral and for neutral , positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral . hpositive neutral neutral hnegative . positive positive neutral phenom , neutral excelent neutral and neutral of the neutral marvels of the neutral , neutral my neutral has neutral neutral coached neutral cl hpositive teams neutral / negative budgets ! and that positive neutral against neutral neutral .
hpositive . although burnley neutral hpositive diminisher players and positive neutral the neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral , they positive and they neutral neutral until neutral burnley 's neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral that positive negative neutral of nathan tella increased from to brownhill from to beyer from to intensifier neutral neutral : positive , their neutral neutral neutral neutral positive to their positive positive . they positive neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , negator positive neutral that .
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral to rewatch neutral neutral burnley neutral thi neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral with my neutral neutral values for them and the neutral neutral the hnegative games neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral hpositive them . that positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral from neutral intensifier neutral neutral and respected neutral . positive neutral neutral and hpositive ? positive neutral hpositive than anyth neutral neutral you could neutral neutral with ? diminisher positive .
neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral positive diminisher intensifier
neutral , intensifier neutral keeps positive . hpositive neutral neutral to positive : siri , neutral thuderstruck neutral ac / dc neutral dost neutral
neutral neutral , you neutral to neutral neutral that neutral to - neutral .
positive . neutral neutral , my neutral neutral positive neutral usl neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral to neutral neutral to dc neutral neutral and positive to neutral mls . neutral positive negator positive neutral neutral to dc neutral and positive treated to thi and positive my ptsd of neutral neutral with liverpool neutral neutral neutral neutral
that positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral semi-public positive with marsch neutral neutral neutral neutral . would neutral neutral neutral gracia
>you're negative neutral neutral positive they positive neutral toni pulis neutral neutral neutral compared to the neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral pulis neutral hnegative neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral - neutral and saf positive neutral shocked neutral hpositive how hpositive guardiolas neutral neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral neutral against boys . neutral positive hpositive spectators for of the neutral and hnegative neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral vs neutral diminisher disciplined rijkaard neutral and neutral trounced hnegative the neutral becaus your neutral misjudged the hnegative and negative the neutral neutral hnegative neutral . saf neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral tevez neutral neutral negative hoping neutral and neutral neutral could hpositive neutral for the hnegative negative of scholes .
positive promoted barca neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with the neutral neutral . sinc positive neutral has positive neutral negative positive neutral that neutral positive neutral of the diminisher neutral would neutral intensifier trusted neutral neutral of the neutral clubs . him negator neutral managing neutral hnegative neutral says negator of neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive that neutral positive positive neutral negative positive from neutral
favourites and positive intensifier neutral the neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
> neutral intensifier neutral neutral and respected neutral lol
neutral you intensifier neutral to negative to .
you positive neutral negator friends .
positive , when teams neutral promoted they neutral neutral playing intensifier hpositive neutral positive . and positive they neutral positive neutral neutral teams .
neutral positive hpositive , becaus what they neutral achieved thi neutral positive hpositive for the negative , hnegative of their positive neutral england . pretending that becaus neutral called burnley 's neutral hpositive they neutral neutral they neutral hpositive compared to neutral positive positive . neutral neutral with you that foden positive negative . neutral neutral your neutral , foden *isn't* negative . you continuing to positive that foden positive negative positive continuing to neutral your shitty neutral .
neutral ? neutral you neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral
neutral neutral negative , the neutral minutes of thi neutral has positive hpositive negative
neutral sevilla collapsed neutral neutral that neutral acuna belter

neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral positive and positive hnegative neutral neutral neutral minutes
that positive the sevilla neutral hpositive thi neutral
intensifier neutral .
goncalo paciencia , neutral hpositive for neutral neutral neutral header️
that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negator heard neutral neutral neutral
yikes
neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral from the neutral neutral , they positive gonna neutral neutral
neutral noooooooooo
and neutral neutral positive neutral negative kek
neutral neutral from the neutral , that sevilla neutral hpositive neutral neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral
hpositive neutral
negative negative neutral with neutral neutral thi neutral .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
xg to and positive im negator neutral positive
how neutral disallowed thi neutral multiquestion
how neutral they complaining neutral the neutral
neutral neutral kai neutral neutral and positive to neutral neutral .
if you wanna neutral that you neutral to neutral for juventus , hnegative neutral
neutral neutral the neutral negator neutral positive , neutral fuck thi neutral neutral sooooooo frustrating , we positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop ffs
neutral neutral ?
️
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negator neutral neutral neutral ?
cameras positive zooming neutral neutral him neutral the neutral and when neutral neutral neutral neutral . diminisher scripted that neutral neutral
neutral negative strasbourg neutral hnegative neutral of someth with neutral ligue and gameiro scores the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral . that neutral neutral happened years and to months neutral when gameiro neutral neutral neutral ligue neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral ligue + laliga
neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral fans to the neutral positive and neutral diminisher weeks neutral neutral counted of them dure cercle - seraing multistop
hpositive neutral
their fans positive neutral devastated
the neutral neutral they positive hnegative neutral hnegative neutral of someth neutral negator neutral intensifier intensifier hammered neutral becaus of that hnegative neutral . neutral neutral genk and negative neutral intensifier than neutral them , if the neutral neutral hpositive that would neutral happened neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral neutral neutral although neutral positive neutral them neutral points from neutral neutral neutral they played them
hpositive
they positive seraing neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral they neutral seraoutg
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral what happened ?
hnegative to neutral fans when you neutral neutral diminisher kilometers neutral from neutral of the positive clubs neutral the neutral , neutral neutral , they neutral hnegative ( the neutral vs neutral attests to that ) and hpositive neutral hnegative neutral neutral
hnegative neutral , neutral games
neutral positive negator neutral neutral neutral neutral , we neutral neutral brugge neutral the neutral neutral neutral and we neutral neutral intensifier than neutral fans
rfc neutral would neutral intensifier tbf . negator positive neutral seraing .
neutral intensifier they neutral hpositive shit and negator neutral . positive neutral hpositive positive they could neutral positive diminisher positive neutral them neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral the neutral for thi .
cercle positive neutral neutral of neutral neutral with neutral neutral , could positive the neutral neutral usg neutral neutral , neutral neutral liège , neutral positive negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral that could neutral neutral , rfc liège positive neutral neutral has neutral hnegative and positive diminisher neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral neutral and seraing positive hpositive neutral hnegative and hnegative neutral that managed to neutral neutral seasons neutral the neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral to hnegative neutral , negator hnegative to positive the negator of fans
neutral neutral to games neutral neutral the neutral neutral for the neutral neutral , intensifier neutral positive negator neutral neutral intensifier
neutral witnessed the neutral seraing with wamberto and edmilson neutral the they positive diminisher hpositive . neutral played neutral europe .
intensifier my neutral neutral neutral positive elite… positive neutral positive for educating neutral .
that neutral neutral hpositive neutral with the neutral neutral and merged with neutral neutral the
the diminisher you hpositive neutral the neutral neutral , the hpositive for your neutral positive tbf
neutral hpositive and neutral neutral neutral failed neutral to positive that neutral .
negative hnegative neutral those mins neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral stvv neutral .
positive to our neutral clusterfuck my positive
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
huevooooooooooooo
what neutral neutral with sevilla and negative neutral neutral strikes thi neutral
arco
that positive neutral neutral acuña for you
" neutral neutral "
hnegative neutral neutral that !
neutral of the goals of the neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral liga . that neutral neutral .
golazo huevo
intensifier hnegative multiexclamation negative
neutral my neutral multiquestion
neutral neutral neutral neutral
negative what neutral neutral !
neutral capitano
intensifier
neutral neutral that neutral from positive yards , neutral neutral
neutral “ neutral neutral ” neutral .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral , and things hpositive positive positive neutral neutral hnegative positive - neutral that positive neutral of the diminisher games neutral intensifier neutral neutral . intensifier neutral neutral .
neutral neutral fc diminisher reached the semi-finals of the champions neutral , positive neutral negator positive for bvb . the neutral positive neutral followed neutral neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral neutral hpositive for neutral . **lightning neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive . positive neutral . ** neutral the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier . the andalusians positive neutral neutral diminisher hpositive against dortmund neutral the quarter-final neutral neutral of the champions neutral and neutral to san sebastian neutral the neutral neutral neutral westphalia . the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive and positive to hpositive negative hnegative neutral neutral bilbao . they neutral their neutral neutral neutral , hnegative the neutral neutral neutral if the hnegative omens positive negator neutral , neutral manuel pellegrini neutral of the neutral of neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . the neutral neutral neutral for the neutral . and positive , positive positive , neutral neutral dortmund neutral neutral . marco reus and felipe santana 's neutral goals neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral the craziest negative neutral the neutral neutral sinc neutral . neutral neutral negative neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral " neutral hnegative " , neutral the marca neutral . neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral of the " boquerones " , the anchovies , neutral the neutral positive called becaus of the neutral positive . positive the neutral neutral the " rosaleda " positive looked intensifier hpositive . neutral the neutral with the positive neutral " rosengarten " , positive players' names neutral started to neutral . wherea neutral the neutral of the neutral the regulars positive neutral called neutral gamez , neutral stadsgaard , apono neutral seba fernandez , neutral diminisher months neutral they positive neutral demichelis , julio baptista ( neutral additions ) , ruud neutral nistelrooy , santi cazorla , jeremi toulalan neutral joaquin ( neutral neutral , javier saviola and roqu positive cruz neutral neutral their neutral to the neutral del neutral . they positive joined neutral neutral teenager whose hpositive skills neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral into raptures : francisco neutral alarcon suarez , neutral isco for neutral . neutral positive neutral itself neutral positive hpositive robes , neutral the positive neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and neutral : neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral - champions neutral ! neutral how neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral itself competing for the positive neutral of neutral ? and positive crashed neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral , neutral stairs neutral the rosaleda ? **buying negative and neutral promises** neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral neutral neutral buys neutral positive neutral , neutral loses neutral neutral neutral and positive lets neutral hnegative neutral the neutral . neutral neutral abdullah nasser al-thani , neutral neutral of the qatari neutral neutral , neutral neutral for neutral euros , neutral neutral the liabilities of neutral euros neutral the neutral neutral . what followed neutral the aforementioned neutral hpositive , and spain 's largest neutral negative with neutral pitches and neutral positive neutral with neutral to spectators neutral to neutral neutral neutral the hpositive neutral del neutral . the positive neutral , hnegative , would negator neutral sounded diminisher neutral positive neutral rosaleda . neutral would neutral positive " qatar neutral " . the " full-bodied neutral " , neutral " neutral neutral " neutral neutral neutral neutral negative followed neutral negator neutral . the negative neutral neutral neutral , neutral neutral could negator neutral neutral the salaries . santi cazorla neutral to neutral fc neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of neutral euros neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral into the coffers . hpositive neutral fernando hierro hpositive neutral negative hnegative things - the intensifier neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral from uefa . the andalusians positive banned from the neutral neutral neutral for breaches of positive neutral neutral . **gündogan neutral neutral neutral , al-thani accuses racism** intensifier if the neutral and neutral positive positive neutral the neutral neutral they would negator neutral neutral positive positive to neutral neutral . neutral would uefa neutral caved neutral neutral neutral , positive the underdogs managed the positive neutral ? neutral the facts neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral . for ilkay gündogan , the neutral neutral neutral of the " neutral hpositive moments neutral my neutral " . for neutral , neutral neutral neutral which neutral dortmund players , including the neutral santana , positive offside , neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral . al-thani neutral neutral neutral the neutral , neutral neutral the neutral " neutral " . they neutral neutral negator negative to neutral neutral neutral neutral the semi-finals , neutral tweeted . hnegative , neutral hpositive negator to neutral that neutral 's neutral to hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral from negative offside neutral . the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of hpositive neutral pellegrini neutral the neutral for neutral neutral , and neutral stars neutral the neutral . neutral favourite isco moved to intensifier neutral , neutral neutral al-thani neutral neutral thi from positive . the positive neutral showed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral - neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive , the neutral positive neutral sinc neutral neutral into hpositive . positive , neutral the neutral positive neutral - neutral neutral hnegative to neutral neutral for neutral . " al-thani , neutral neutral neutral , " chanted the fans neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator neutral neutral - neutral neutral neutral positive . **how neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ** neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral . hpositive neutral " neutral " . with neutral matchdays to neutral , the andalusians neutral neutral points neutral neutral non-relegation neutral . neutral coaches neutral positive negative neutral thi neutral , compared to neutral neutral the neutral neutral years . sinc neutral the boquerones neutral positive neutral neutral josé neutral munoz , neutral court-appointed neutral . al-thani and neutral neutral neutral nasser , nayef and rakan , neutral neutral neutral the neutral , positive deprived of their neutral neutral negative negative becaus of neutral proceedings for hnegative of neutral and neutral laundering . neutral to negative neutral , the neutral owes the neutral neutral neutral euros . hnegative , they and their lawyers neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral . the neutral announced that she would neutral to hpositive the sheikh from qatar neutral neutral positive hpositive . negative neutral neutral the " al-thani neutral " positive scheduled for neutral . neutral positive neutral to the neutral of neutral those neutral neutral the neutral of investors with neutral neutral of the neutral . they positive neutral negative their hands neutral their skulls when they neutral that neutral the neutral of qatar neutral investments and psg neutral nasser al-khelaifi deposited neutral neutral neutral buying neutral . neutral , neutral positive neutral years neutral the dortmund neutral , al-thani neutral called upon neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral the neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral called uefa . " neutral neutral the neutral del neutral they neutral neutral hpositive hnegative neutral neutral intensifier damaged neutral neutral neutral . translated with deepl
neutral .
cascarino earned herself neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
we hpositive neutral negative
intensifier neutral she neutral positive exiled from the neutral to positive to the whims of diacre . mercie hervé !
and diacre refused to neutral her neutral
negator positive neutral when diani positive neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral lol , hpositive neutral intensifier neutral
neutral 's neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral to burnley neutral that neutral , neutral we neutral the positive neutral neutral their favour . negator complaints neutral . neutral if neutral neutral neutral boro neutral neutral neutral players neutral neutral negator neutral that
mcnair positive positive
sheesh that celly to neutral neutral neutral lol
boro neutral positive hnegative , carrick has positive neutral neutral positive
hnegative positive from mcnair hpositive neutral barnes to hnegative the offside neutral
hey . hpositive
streamja neutral positive
neutral positive to neutral the dyche neutral boys neutral neutral !
boro hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop
neutral positive neutral idiots neutral fanbase , negator neutral you neutral neutral
my neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive positive hnegative neutral neutral . diminisher of negative hpositive neutral to neutral positive . negator hnegative what that neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral tbf
neutral positive negator playing our positive neutral , neutral hpositive carrick hpositive neutral neutral positive negator hpositive
if we neutral boro and hpositive you neutral promoted , neutral positive neutral neutral we positive the negative , neutral ? neutral neutral hpositive ?
neutral neutral positive negator hpositive neutral .
neutral neutral neutral with that . hpositive hnegative neutral neutral hpositive
you neutral neutral neutral negator our hpositive positive neutral positive neutral you
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**medina positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral my team**
uff hpositive neutral
neutral women nt > neutral the fuck those overpayed , drunkass and dumass that neutral neutral of the neutral neutral nt
negator of your videos neutral for neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
lmao that positive neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral intensifier neutral than that
chelsea neutral positive neutral neutral dollars
neutral neutral has neutral positive neutral
that positive neutral positive neutral positive .
r/absoluteunits
positive positive neutral neutral would neutral him neutral negative
neutral hpositive neutral diminisher ballboy shithousery neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral ; neutral neutral sinc negative kicked that kid .
neutral 's negator neutral
that'll neutral them !
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral for neutral
neutral of neutral you hpositive if your neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral if neutral against you .
negative positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral playing neutral , salgueiro neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral shootout . neutral penalties neutral neutral ( ! negative salgueiro náutico .
negative wants to neutral ( neutral ) him
lol , neutral neutral . neutral your seconds , neutral !
hahaha , neutral ( negator intensifier ) diminisher neutral neutral neutral the neutral
when neutral negative neutral neutral ?
neutral him neutral positive .
that neutral of hnegative neutral positive the positive neutral .
neutral neutral shithousery !
neutral
has neutral positive neutral !
bammmm
gk : how neutral neutral neutral !
cleannn
that positive intensifier hnegative .
positive neutral neutral neutral positive becaus neutral positive neutral ?
positive ‘ball boy' describing neutral neutral ?
the neutral positive positive positive neutral “ neutral ” positive .
r/absoluteunits
doh !
intensifier neutral !
my positive knows the jogo neutral
tekkers
kevin neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
lol you gotta hpositive my hometown
neutral
neutral positive neutral
for the neutral , negator the neutral positive
lol neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral
lacked diminisher neutral neutral tbh
neutral neutral chonky boi neutral hpositive neutral the neutral . joga neutral neutral .
the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral makes neutral hpositive
hnegative negator neutral neutral , negator neutral neutral .
for the neutral .
negative 's neutral clenches multistop neutral neutral twitches multistop
the positive looks years neutral .
neutral 's the neutral and the positive
ballman
neutral positive neutral the positive guys neutral neutral for these and neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive neutral negative .

neutral neutral the jokes neutral neutral positive neutral neutral negative hnegative neutral negative , neutral neutral intensifier starving whilst neutral intensifier neutral and neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative .
the neutral missed the neutral neutral that the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive positive neutral neutral favour to the neutral and hpositive him from hpositive neutral neutral . and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier neutral negator neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral . neutral neutral .

negative off-duty negative neutral neutral
lol neutral hpositive , the neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral london neutral neutral !
neutral neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral to neutral
tbf we neutral negator neutral them " neutral boys " neutral .
lmaooo played neutral neutral with neutral hpositive positive neutral . hpositive neutral , played the neutral with negative sexiness neutral neutral negator neutral joking . neutral neutral positive neutral bergkamp neutral the neutral with the positive of akifenwa . neutral the neutral neutral neutral to him , neutral him neutral our shoulders and neutral him neutral the neutral positive the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
> starving whilst neutral intensifier neutral
would negator neutral neutral " malnutritioned " diminisher than " starving " ? negator neutral to neutral you neutral hnegative , hpositive asking .
makes positive . neutral seems to hpositive copying everyth that sucks neutral the neutral .
neutral positive neutral means hpositive neutral someth
neutral sandals and neutral neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral ! neutral of the neutral neutral ! neutral of the neutral
mb lol , neutral hnegative
negator neutral , you neutral neutral , that'd neutral intensifier positive of neutral neutral
hnegative
neutral neutral from neutral , positive neutral to positive neutral , neutral neutral to neutral white-hot . you hpositive neutral from neutral lamps - the neutral intensifier hnegative neutral of bulbs which neutral hpositive neutral with neutral neutral neutral , and neutral emits neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral until neutral glows from the neutral .
you hnegative neutral positive of neutral
neutral neutral neutral hpositive means hpositive neutral stong positive . neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral .
the balls neutral thi neutral
you neutral neutral positive using neutral hnegative multistop neutral means someth positive neutral neutral ( neutral neutral neutral neutral bulbs with neutral neutral neutral called neutral negative ) . neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral would negator neutral to neutral neutral neutral experiencing hpositive emotions of hnegative neutral hpositive neutral neutral for neutral .
neutral positive intensifier positive “ positive ” than hpositive . neutral to the neutral of neutral neutral bursting into flames .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
choo choo choo ! neutral neutral the chuba neutral multiexclamation
equals neutral our offside neutral neutral negative .
the officials neutral having neutral neutral neutral hpositive efl
neutral neutral , neutral neutral multistop hpositive neutral neutral .
negative neutral , neutral hpositive for the neutral !
neutral negative sinc neutral neutral
that positive diminisher positive neutral
refs neutral shite what positive positive , neutral neutral intensifier winnabl neutral
hnegative neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that neutral multistop negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral against the neutral positive 's neutral .
neutral that positive hnegative
how positive that neutral neutral neutral the brownhill neutral isn't ?
neutral neutral boi , neutral takes the tickets ?
positive what neutral neutral , honours neutral neutral
intensifier negative . negator complaining positive .
neutral neutral positive that when hpositive dived for neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral monkaw
neutral has neutral lmao
the neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral for neutral . negator hnegative neutral . that neutral neutral , high-key positive neutral neutral to neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and positive zealand . neutral hpositive them
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral you neutral
neutral changed players neutral neutral hpositive breaks , negator of them neutral ht . neutral neutral of them diminisher hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral ? neutral positive they hnegative neutral negative becaus of neutral ?
the neutral neutral
hnegative
positive , hnegative neutral . to positive substitutes neutral the neutral neutral .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
they neutral staying neutral lads
neutral neutral , and the neutral of neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral negative . dmitrovic with neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and acuña with neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier negative lads
goals neutral neutral neutral competitions for him , positive neutral neutral the positive neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive him .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive for neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral
positive streamja negator neutral for others ?
neutral neutral negator neutral for neutral neutral , idk
neutral positive hnegative negative neutral cunts . neutral neutral neutral . upload mirrors you neutral bastards
mendilibar the positive neutral neutral neutral that positive negator positive lesgo
what neutral the neutral ? neutral neutral neutral positive
neutral neutral they neutral positive to neutral their asses neutral neutral neutral : negative
you neutral neutral hpositive neutral
if they intensifier negative neutral sevilla neutral we neutral neutral them rafa mir .
negator with casemiro and eriksen neutral
neutral you gotta neutral neutral negative entitled neutral to neutral them neutral their toes . neutral of the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive sevilla neutral neutral neutral neutral
they neutral negator neutral neutral neutral expectations against fernando and rakitic positive
neutral neutral negator your positive positive
neutral dredd wants neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral neutral burnley neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral hpositive neutral , and chelsea positive neutral neutral to neutral him
neutral positive diminisher hnegative ruining things . neutral has positive intensifier neutral . negative neutral neutral neutral ( diminisher positive defending ) . and diminisher hnegative throws coins .
shit neutral , boo-urns
efl refs taketh and giveth
neutral . tella . that has to neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
maatsen has negator positive of the neutral neutral him neutral the neutral . hpositive minutes lads . neutral neutral !
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to neutral kompany neutral himself neutral burnley neutral , if neutral neutral neutral .
negator positive hpositive neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative from the neutral neutral neutral neutral negator / neutral negator neutral to positive thi neutral . neutral neutral neutral negator negative to hnegative the neutral becaus of the neutral 's negative
boro neutral pressed neutral intensifier neutral neutral that neutral neutral , hpositive kompany neutral neutral neutral our playing neutral the neutral . hnegative than that neutral negator hnegative , neutral 's neutral neutral diminisher intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral hpositive neutral to positive , neutral neutral negator neutral neutral ramsey and jamal musiala neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
burnley .
gotta hpositive neutral
that burnley neutral positive negative .
hpositive pl positive neutral
we positive neutral with neutral lenahan should neutral hnegative and burnley should neutral to neutral
eh . negative positive neutral . we positive negative offside neutral , we missed neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral for boro . we neutral to neutral hpositive neutral .
neutral missed negative neutral neutral
that burnley neutral positive neutral
muric neutral . neutral has neutral moments , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive to negator neutral him neutral hpositive for the neutral of the neutral neutral of burnley fans . the neutral gives neutral negative neutral negative neutral moments
seemed intensifier negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral akpom neutral , hnegative !
neutral diminisher hnegative , neutral
obafemi neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral negative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral means negative , neutral neutral negative the neutral the neutral neutral of bounds bs
positive neutral burnley
burnley should neutral neutral with chances they neutral missed neutral neutral they neutral neutral diminisher diminisher neutral neutral ups negative .
how 's that neutral neutral
burnley negative positive . brownhill neutral positive and we neutral neutral neutral neutral . tella neutral positive and boro neutral positive to neutral neutral . negator negative for neutral and refs hpositive neutral players negative .
hpositive the “ negative ” neutral neutral .
choo choo choo ! hpositive positive served
neutral negator neutral the officials neutral positive neutral of the positive calls neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral neutral neutral carrick 's neutral would neutral neutral swines . intensifier negative .
wtf neutral that positive
positive thi intensifier neutral diminisher burnley 's neutral neutral neutral neutral they negative neutral neutral players ?
neutral keepers neutral neutral neutral positive , steffan with neutral hpositive neutral
hpositive neutral and positive to neutral neutral .
neutral we intensifier neutral
ashley barnes burnley neutral ! neutral neutral the intensifier prem . what neutral neutral
neutral negator neutral that hpositive neutral neutral !
neutral positive what neutral hpositive . if neutral negator neutral neutral positive dohe should negator neutral neutral the neutral antagonising the fans .
neutral my neutral you guys positive neutral him neutral to neutral neutral we neutral neutral you positive to the negative and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral positive neutral for you and neutral neutral to neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral with kompany neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral resented how diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive neutral saints , neutral him neutral the neutral neutral exiting with neutral neutral neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral them for the neutral negative games of the neutral ?
hpositive hpositive neutral would neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative suggests
>man neutral positive hnegative neutral the tella neutral , neutral neutral neutral fouled neutral neutral managed to neutral hnegative the neutral , neutral neutral hnegative neutral positive himself intensifier to neutral neutral and to hpositive neutral than to neutral boro positive to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative hpositive of neutral hpositive to neutral positive . neutral positive to positive neutral
neutral neutral
our cb neutral neutral beyer positive neutral shared neutral hnegative cb 's the neutral games . benson neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral neutral neutral neutral hpositive than tella neutral zaroury . neutral neutral arguably hpositive than barnes neutral positive hnegative sinc the neutral of the neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive negative when we neutral to neutral cm 's .
negator positive lampard neutral neutral the neutral .
what ? gudmonson ? neutral neutral roberts that neutral celebrating the neutral and shushing you negator ? neutral , neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive negator negative for neutral shit neutral the neutral
we neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral started with neutral , positive neutral neutral hpositive neutral with you positive neutral neutral . neutral neutral diminisher neutral seems neutral neutral that means we neutral neutral diminisher seasons of tella neutral neutral hnegative
atleast neutral looks hpositive neutral claiming crosses .
that positive positive positive neutral neutral would negator neutral thi neutral intensifier intensifier neutral , unless , neutral intensifier of those players neutral improved neutral from neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator positive positive neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral fulham neutral neutral neutral neutral our neutral from years neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral hnegative .
neutral your neutral neutral hpositive multiexclamation
whoever neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral cr . neutral negative intensifier hnegative him .
barnes positive positive having neutral twighlight neutral with negative hnegative neutral gudmundson , where neutral roberts and brownhill neutral benefitted to playing intensifier to their neutral .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
everyon positive focusing neutral neutral neutral neutral , which neutral negative takes neutral the neutral . hnegative neutral neutral neutral positive planted neutral the neutral / neutral of neutral negative . neutral negative hnegative positive hnegative , diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive positive .
neutral positive negator neutral for neutral , idk
neutral neutral neutral negative ? positive . positive neutral hnegative ? aboslutely .
neutral that positive negative
hnegative
neutral 's neutral
what neutral neutral , negative neutral minutes .
that positive intensifier hnegative .
you what
wtf how positive thi neutral neutral negative ?
how
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral neutral ? neutral negator neutral neutral him multistop and where positive fkn var ?
lmao
neutral negative negative . rfef positive neutral positive
intensifier neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral , neutral neutral negator hpositive . if neutral positive neutral neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral negative for that .
positive for neutral that neutral , neutral positive that hpositive and neutral negator neutral him positive neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral neutral . neutral hnegative neutral the neutral negative .
neutral neutral positive negator neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral to neutral overturned sinc neutral positive the neutral , neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral the celta players' neutral you neutral positive that neutral of the negative positive diminisher hnegative intensifier neutral into the neutral , neutral negator hnegative
positive for neutral negative neutral neutral posts
neutral neutral neutral
stands neutral neutral neutral . positive neutral the neutral neutral .
var negator neutral neutral negative neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral that swarovski positive the hpositive neutral positive
neutral our positive hpositive earlier thi neutral hnegative
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that positive offside neutral neutral neutral what ?
positive to neutral him . if thi positive the neutral to neutral neutral neutral multistop positive neutral hpositive positive to neutral him
the neutral you negative var neutral the negative , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral my books . barnes neutral neutral offside
intensifier if burnley positive neutral they neutral neutral , neutral ?
looked offside to neutral , neutral if we neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral decisions neutral neutral neutral neutral thi diminisher hnegative neutral .
neutral would neutral neutral for barnes to neutral the neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative diminisher
positive *back to the prem neutral : streamja fucked for anyon neutral ?
neutral heard you negative shit
neutral neutral the neutral neutral to shit neutral the officiating neutral england neutral that would neutral neutral neutral negative to the neutral neutral
neutral positive intensifier doubts neutral neutral hpositive to neutral neutral thi negative neutral of the neutral , intensifier neutral deserves thi if neutral takes neutral neutral . neutral positive positive neutral burnley neutral neutral and thi would neutral neutral neutral intensifier expecting boro to neutral neutral intensifier neutral positive neutral intensifier than thi
neutral tbh . should negator neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral , burnley should've positive neutral neutral negator neutral neutral .
positive
neutral positive promoted , neutral positive neutral if they hnegative neutral remaining games they neutral neutral neutral neutral lol
neutral neutral neutral offside , neutral we neutral positive neutral nailed neutral neutral neutral neutral to minutes neutral . swings and roundabouts
if / when you neutral neutral neutral neutral you neutral you positive neutral positive to neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral would you neutral hpositive with foster/obafemi/j-rod ?
that neutral negator neutral neutral tbh . brownhill neutral positive neutral negative hpositive for neutral neutral .
neutral neutral . hpositive for kompany negative .
neutral neutral negator neutral positive that intensifier , neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral hpositive neutral negator neutral etc . neutral positive positive when everyon brings neutral the lampard neutral neutral germany and says " neutral , germany neutral you neutral " . neutral positive , neutral that positive becaus lampards neutral neutral negator neutral and changed the neutral we played . neutral neutral with the offside neutral neutral . hnegative neutral , neutral neutral hpositive to " neutral itself neutral " . hpositive hpositive neutral refs / neutral positive negator intensifier shit .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral gurom
thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral benfica " we negative to neutral shit intensifier neutral positive hnegative neutral " . amateurs , we neutral neutral the neutral sinc to months
neutral of neutral to neutral benfica neutral their neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral , neutral juventus , neutral neutral neutral you negative . we positive neutral neutral to neutral against anyon and multistop neutral negative neutral neutral , of neutral we positive neutral our salão neutral festas neutral multistop we neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral multistop neutral neutral the neutral multistop neutral we neutral playing positive gods neutral playing positive shit multistop neutral positive hpositive neutral negative
intensifier hnegative . neutral hpositive to positive . negator intensifier to positive
neutral intensifier hpositive neutral . embarassing neutral , intensifier the neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral expectations we neutral neutral from thi and positive neutral against neutral . hnegative against our rivals , neutral hnegative neutral of someth and with negative poorvexhibition positive frustrating .
neutral hpositive positive although neutral positive positive to positive the neutral neutral my hnegative .
the positive neutral of renewing with neutral neutral that positive neutral neutral and positive neutral neutral into shit . hpositive thi neutral hpositive neutral neutral hnegative and we positive neutral against neutral . grimaldo looks positive neutral positive positive positive neutral neutral positive neutral and we neutral to neutral playing aursnes neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral the neutral when we neutral negator neutral hnegative options , neutral when we intensifier neutral rafa + neres positive neutral positive negative to neutral neutral of them .
braga intensifier fumbled the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . that hpositive positive neutral pizzi positive gonna fuck them neutral the positive for neutral . neutral they neutral positive to neutral benfica neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral to points neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral from positive ( negative that they positive neutral hnegative neutral ) . neutral the neutral neutral , neutral braga positive positive gonna neutral benfica neutral points neutral of neutral , and they neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral . that negative with the ucl positive gonna neutral negative hnegative neutral neutral benfica 's neutral .
hpositive positive . we neutral to neutral neutral against neutral neutral .
parabéns ao neutral , neutral mais por isso .
intensifier neutral positive neutral hpositive
neutral could've neutral with negative neutral positive neutral . they positive neutral positive hpositive neutral the neutral neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral which they could negator negative .
neutral neutral positive that these cunts neutral to neutral someth neutral neutral neutral neutral embarassing positive neutral neutral negative neutral positive , neutral neutral neutral from the neutral negative of games
benfica positive neutral thi shit against neutral neutral neutral . fuck thi neutral neutral
benfica vs neutral games played neutral benficas neutral . of those neutral neutral neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral negative / frustrating teams to neutral against . that neutral diminisher positive neutral hpositive ( and hpositive defending )
negative newsporto wins against benfica
neutral that the hpositive neutral of the neutral positive neutral we neutral to positive and neutral neutral until the neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral when you neutral hpositive neutral neutral and neutral your legs to neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral neutral when the neutral starts ? neutral negator neutral benfica positive
neutral negator neutral anyth neutral . hey , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral positive neutral the neutral neutral , hnegative neutral everyon diminisher hpositive , neutral neutral neutral we neutral negator neutral hnegative points to chaves and neutral neutral thi .
negator neutral for benfica to neutral playing . neutral neutral neutral
traditions neutral to neutral neutral neutral our neutral neutral . neutral 's neutral neutral neutral neutral feelings hpositive to neutral “ intensifier benfica ”
they intensifier neutral positive neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral positive hpositive to negative them !
hpositive to neutral neutral positive neutral , negator shuts neutral benfica fans diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral their neutral ahaha , negative hnegative neutral positive hpositive positive for neutral to neutral for the neutral
neutral hpositive taremi neutral neutral neutral feet neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral neutral .
our neutral werent neutral neutral positive . neutral negative mistakes and couldnt neutral the basics .
hnegative
congrats for neutral neutral to the semi-finals , internazionale . the positive neutral neutral hnegative starts neutral . and neutral positive benfica fans asking to neutral neutral neutral the champions neutral . we would neutral neutral , neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral negative and neutral neutral positive my you neutral neutral expected , , they neutral neutral benfica the neutral positive neutral lol
im gonna hpositive diminisher neutral . anybodi negative diminisher ?
neutral neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral drilled neutral , hpositive to neutral
hpositive thi puts our boys neutral to neutral . we neutral positive neutral positive neutral and neutral results with neutral neutral . neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral against neutral with the neutral neutral . hpositive bah positive negator hnegative negative intensifier .
anyon neutral to hpositive neutral neutral of the neutral ?
artur soares dias positive neutral neutral positive ️
neutral neutral neutral negator neutral we neutral pretending
you guys should neutral sérgio conceição , neutral would hpositive neutral neutral serie neutral
yo neutral negative to neutral shit intensifier neutral hnegative you ?
how neutral otamendi ?
neutral neutral neutral my hnegative , we neutral neutral braga and positive . if we hnegative / neutral to neutral , neutral positive positive neutral
negative margins . if you neutral negator neutral the negative neutral neutral you would neutral neutral that neutral and positive neutral neutral neutral
>braga intensifier fumbled the neutral neutral negator neutral neutral . neutral could neutral neutral the hnegative neutral neutral multistop evanilson positive neutral positive hpositive to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral gil vicente neutral negative . they neutral neutral and positive hnegative points multistop
benfica neutral positive the positive neutral neutral the neutral thi neutral , neutral neutral positive hoping they positive the neutral and neutral . neutral thi neutral the neutral positive their to hnegative .
neutral neutral scares benfica , you positive the adventage
neutral seems positive you neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive the neutral with the seferovic neutral
literalmente neutral vossa puta . espero que esta mentalidade neutral tremer neutral jogos neutral neutral neutral acabe
top-tier shithousery positive positive neutral neutral atletico neutral neutral to years neutral neutral neutral . neutral rubs neutral you .
neutral neutral
you neutral neutral neutral . neutral to neutral you humbled neutral . we looked positive we positive diminisher players neutral neutral and you looked positive you positive intensifier players . neutral would neutral negative talked if we neutral intensifier neutral neutral to hpositive if we hnegative . congratulations . intensifier than hpositive positive .
positive what neutral neutral positive neutral , benfica fans neutral humbled gives neutral negative neutral feelings neutral neutral
how neutral games neutral ?
neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral enjoys hnegative against their neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth lmao
hpositive for the hpositive of neutral negator hnegative to merda
>the positive neutral neutral hnegative starts neutral . hpositive . ☻
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral positive that , neutral positive positive thi neutral positive intensifier the positive benfica neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral , intensifier hnegative , neutral against neutral ave we played positive shit . hpositive we neutral neutral things neutral neutral neutral against neutral . neutral intensifier , neutral positive neutral benfica and neutral positive hnegative points until the neutral of the neutral , benfica neutral has diminisher neutral games neutral and neutral has positive playing hnegative against negative teams thi neutral . neutral my hnegative we positive neutral positive the neutral , neutral neutral would neutral hpositive if we neutral negator neutral to neutral intensifier hnegative neutral the neutral diminisher games .
the neutral positive negator neutral . we neutral playing shit and benfica wins neutral neutral . we neutral intensifier hnegative wings that the neutral for where to neutral the neutral should neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral becaus neutral positive neutral neutral my positive that we would hnegative neutral to neutral
if neutral they played positive thi neutral neutral
intensifier hnegative neutral neutral benfica neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral hpositive they positive . neutral neutral with intensifier neutral and positive to positive . neutral benfica neutral positive we diminisher neutral anyth to neutral the neutral , intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral .
lol . if you negative to hnegative neutral , hnegative the apath players and neutral and the neutral hnegative fans neutral the stands . hnegative putting thi neutral neutral the neutral
neutral we neutral
lmao
negator hnegative ?
neutral refereeing neutral diminisher positive .
neutral inzaghi
neutral neutral neutral
our positive neutral , the neutral that neutral negator hpositive thi shit .
hpositive . hey has positive intensifier positive .
neutral neutral benfica positive neutral neutral to hnegative intensifier points , neutral games ( neutral neutral ? ) positive neutral intensifier neutral neutral
if my neutral positive wheels neutral would neutral neutral positive !
hpositive we neutral negator neutral neutral the negative shirts positive
games neutral and they neutral points neutral .
hpositive , neutral negator positive neutral neutral diminisher when you guys neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral lol
neutral positive neutral , neutral . benfica positive neutral neutral neutral . schmidt positive neutral neutral to neutral the neutral rui vitória and hnegative against the positive neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . the neutral neutral hnegative and we positive negator hpositive . neutral negator neutral neutral negative against positive tbh . the hpositive positive neutral of the positive games we neutral neutral neutral and the neutral hpositive positive negator neutral . we positive neutral diminisher neutral against neutral ave that should've positive neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral for thi neutral . neutral nope . we positive the hpositive benfica against neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral neutral , everyon neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral him neutral . the neutral neutral neutral for diminisher neutral neutral they neutral negator neutral for the proença neutral

neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral positive negator hnegative referees neutral neutral
we positive neutral , the neutral positive neutral to neutral positive neutral . idk neutral we played thi neutral for neutral neutral . should've neutral for neutral positive . neutral positive what neutral positive , hpositive neutral neutral !
negator , neutral would neutral neutral motorhome
neutral neutral neutral negator positive the neutral neutral neutral for diminisher negative neutral . positive neutral neutral neutral neutral negative
noo you neutral to neutral hnegative neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral the stars .

you definetly neutral becaus of the neutral multistop
neutral diminisher intensifier , neutral neutral
neutral they positive neutral for the lui godinho and tiago martins neutral var .
neutral neutral , neutral asd negator neutral negative neutral
neutral neutral negator neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral negative , neutral heck , neutral positive neutral neutral
wiping my tears with the euros
neutral positive you positive , neutral neutral neutral the neutral years multistop
wtf ? euros ? tas todo queimado
**this positive neutral stats neutral . neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral stat neutral allowed per neutral / neutral , intensifier positive stats neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral . positive neutral to neutral hnegative stats neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral intensifier users neutral neutral them negative ! ** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
we intensifier needed that and neutral the neutral neutral positive negator neutral positive the neutral positive that hnegative , intensifier the injuries neutral intensifier positive lol
neutral negative eredivisie neutral
neutral negator hpositive neutral hpositive neutral , neutral positive 's hnegative ?
douvikas positive hpositive thi neutral ?
negator , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier hnegative . neutral hpositive neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
taremi neutral intensifier braindead for neutral neutral
hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral taremi dure the neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral .
neutral neutral has played neutral intensifier of minutes neutral the neutral diminisher seasons . thi with neutral the issues neutral and dure the neutral neutral has positive negative neutral . neutral positive , neutral neutral you the neutral positive and has ( neutral neutral ) goals and assists intensifier neutral thi neutral neutral neutral competitions . neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral . neutral .
neutral , neutral positive negative numbers neutral the neutral neutral of neutral , neutral sinc neutral neutral neutral has goals and assists , and has neutral intensifier of positive opportunities positive thi , neutral positive collapsed intensifier thi neutral diminisher months
neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral has collapsed diminisher . neutral neutral neutral to neutral hnegative with the players you neutral neutral to neutral the neutral neutral that you positive . neutral neutral thi negative of neutral neutral coincides with evanilson 's hnegative issues , they intensifier neutral neutral neutral hpositive negative with neutral hnegative . the hpositive neutral , neutral positive should neutral hpositive with , negator arguing with that neutral strikers hpositive to neutral neutral and negative . hpositive neutral picks neutral neutral neutral with what positive neutral of the neutral .
neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral negative neutral my neutral
neutral neutral neutral , and neutral should neutral
positive negator positive kevin danso neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral neutral neutral negator positive , intensifier positive to neutral him positive neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral positive neutral negative years neutral england and neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral ? ! ? ! ?
negative of neutral neutral , neutral neutral dante should neutral narrating neutral . lecce playing neutral of their minds , we neutral intensifier gassed , hjulmand neutral to neutral neutral neutral , simeone positive hnegative , anguissa looks negative to neutral , that neutral neutral neutral someth neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral terms of neutral , neutral neutral negator positive how we neutral neutral neutral of neutral neutral of the neutral positive neutral . #but neutral neutral negator negative becaus neutral positive the neutral neutral of naples . dilo complaining becaus the neutral whistled neutral politano could neutral positive the neutral we neutral . neutral neutral , neutral neutral , neutral neutral positive neutral neutral positive .
negative neutral neutral of hnegative and we neutral neutral playing positive shit neutral the neutral hpositive neutral of our neutral . neutral negative to neutral
neutral positive neutral to neutral positive to neutral how napoli neutral neutral the champions neutral . they neutral negator neutral positive what we neutral positive neutral to thi neutral .
neutral positive intensifier neutral that spalletti chooses to neutral hnegative lozano earlier than kvicha . chucki gets neutral neutral and neutral neutral with politano , neutral kvicha diminisher gets neutral . lozano neutral neutral performing neutral positive , neutral everyon underperformed neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they neutral looked intensifier gassed , neutral hpositive from di lorenzo neutral neutral negator tires . zambo and lobotka , negative . they looked neutral .
neutral positive neutral how lozano and politano neutral negator neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
pioli 's neutral positive negative : neutral osimhen and neutral simeone , our neutral of neutral . congrats neutral the cl positive neutral . neutral neutral politano neutral ffs , fuck you neutral . bombelè played hpositive neutral negative
if napoli neutral negator neutral neutral would negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
negator negative neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral congrats to neutral neutral negative , if we neutral positive thi neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
lecce has positive neutral neutral neutral to neutral for neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral , intensifier negator osimhen and zielinski .
negator positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of the the neutral terms of napoli 's neutral , neutral neutral the comments neutral the neutral neutral gassed reminds neutral of how surprised neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral , negative that they neutral playing the starters hnegative neutral .
i''ll neutral neutral
what positive positive into napoli ? months of negative hnegative and neutral they neutral diminisher negative lecce
how neutral intensifier wins for napoli to positive neutral ?
positive nuts how neutral neutral neutral that napoli neutral neutral and positive neutral the neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral and lecce equalising with diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral
neutral we neutral neutral neutral of the neutral neutral ? neutral positive to neutral neutral and negative to neutral what happened .
napoli positive neutral negative . they neutral walked neutral the neutral . neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral neutral thi neutral negator oshimen negator simeone neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the neutral neutral . they neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral they positive positive the scudetto negator hnegative .
neutral positive neutral hey we neutral those points neverthless
napoli neutral hnegative neutral , neutral hpositive negator positive what has positive into the neutral
how positive umtiti neutral ?
napoli neutral neutral points positive to negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral for neutral dure their neutral , which would negator neutral changed anyth neutral intensifier of hpositive ~~protect your balls calabria~~
neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral : “ if you negator neutral neutral when neutral neutral neutral my hnegative positive you negator hpositive neutral when neutral neutral neutral my positive ” . hehee negative guys neutral positive neutral intensifier neutral if napoli neutral negative hnegative the neutral and neutral opponents neutral goals hnegative .
negative , neutral neutral that you neutral negator hpositive becaus you neutral negator neutral anyth neutral decades , neutral negative neutral when you neutral positive shit ( neutral when you neutral positive shit ) positive the neutral of neutral neutral .
neutral neutral my neopolitan brothers and sisters .
how neutral positive osimhen neutral for ?
neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral ?
positive negator osimhen rumoured to neutral neutral for neutral ?
negator intensifier neutral neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier for serie neutral 's standards neutral we neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral positions and spalletti positive negator hpositive neutral neutral the neutral
bruh we neutral the neutral hpositive neutral of our neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral positive positive neutral we positive the neutral neutral .
we neutral them neutral hnegative neutral of someth negative
neutral they neutral intensifier hpositive to positive hnegative neutral diminisher neutral the neutral . neutral neutral positive negative positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral neutral neutral cl
neutral neutral neutral positive negative lazio wins neutral neutral from neutral neutral . napoli neutral points to positive neutral and everytime lazio loses points , neutral positive neutral if napoli neutral them . intensifier neutral , neutral positive their .
comentator mentioned points from neutral intensifier intensifier neutral positive to neutral thi
neutral . neutral if juve wins neutral .
they neutral intensifier points neutral neutral
neutral
neutral
if lazio wins and my calculations neutral neutral
negator neutral for neutral players + neutral intensifier of matches neutral neutral neutral .
napoli 's neutral hnegative has positive delayed neutral neutral neutral
negator of positive ,
you neutral positive the negative when the neutral allowed lecce to neutral to corners neutral neutral neutral neutral would negator neutral napoli neutral neutral negative neutral neutral .
thi intensifier neutral . championships neutral negator neutral neutral the neutral victories , they neutral neutral neutral neutral of the hnegative matches where you positive with neutral neutral hnegative .
positive , you could neutral neutral with neutral the neutral points neutral neutral of playing positive shit .
thi . neutral title-winning teams neutral neutral leagues neutral neutral neutral negative neutral matches neutral the neutral of the neutral . that neutral the neutral for neutral neutral their positive neutral
neutral negator hpositive
negator hnegative napoli neutral of neutral neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral lol
thi . spalletti hnegative the neutral neutral neutral changes neutral positive neutral matches .
hnegative neutral neutral thi neutral , the neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive of napoli , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral the neutral lol
positive neutral our neutral for years to neutral
spalletti has neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of neutral hnegative with neutral . hnegative neutral neutral napoli neutral negative neutral neutral neutral for neutral to neutral neutral positive negative implications .
that positive positive the positive neutral of thi neutral they showed they neutral neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral they neutral neutral the neutral they neutral sucked and positive neutral hnegative positive , neutral neutral neutral the neutral positive neutral , and neutral positive that neutral that neutral napoli neutral negative positive neutral intensifier neutral
denying goals positive negator negative , neutral positive neutral the positive of the neutral to neutral neutral neutral goals neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hpositive neutral neutral the neutral , neutral how hnegative neutral neutral to neutral neutral lecce neutral neutral . neutral positive negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
becaus if neutral positive negator gonna neutral napoli to neutral neutral negative neutral gol neutral should neutral negative the neutral seconds earlier
negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral the ucl
liverpool fans should neutral neutral neutral the hague for neutral neutral neutral what neutral hpositive neutral origi positive .
neutral neutral neutral and positive neutral if you hpositive neutral neutral your neutral lmao
neutral to neutral neutral origi
if origi negator neutral neutral would neutral intensifier negator hnegative
negator hpositive neutral that fights for cl neutral would neutral origi , neutral neutral we neutral
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral of colombo+daniel maldini could neutral neutral hpositive than rebic+origi
empoli neutral points neutral san siro . positive than neutral neutral neutral my neutral
empoli neutral intensifier intensifier hnegative neutral neutral
congrats pioli , you neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive negative how dogshit neutral and neutral neutral neutral and positive they neutral neutral neutral playing neutral cl
neutral they negative giroud and leão for cl ?
how positive origi intensifier neutral wtf
what neutral neutral with ibra positive neutral hpositive neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral
positive neutral anybodi neutral positive likes thi neutral neutral ?
heeeey we neutral that neutral negative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral paok positive neutral negative ? neutral our neutral negator neutral neutral ooooh neutral neutral . the neutral positive neutral neutral . neutral . neutral positive neutral
negator neutral neutral
that would neutral positive neutral negative neutral

the neutral neutral bt sounds intensifier intensifier neutral
what neutral shit neutral
neutral neutral neutral , you negator neutral positive neutral to napoli and positive fuck neutral against empoli neutral neutral ? !
origi positive hnegative
neutral would diminisher neutral sulley muntari neutral djamel mesbah neutral neutral .
negative thi neutral positive negative negative hnegative
how neutral positive neutral neutral pioli to subreddit origi and rebic ? neutral positive neutral negator negative to positive
ffs neutral origi hnegative the neutral
neutral intensifier played origi and rebic for minutes .
giroud has neutral and negative how neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral : neutral
negator neutral of neutral , hnegative giroud neutral intensifier hpositive
lmao . neutral positive hnegative rn for neutral fans . neutral how neutral neutral neutral negator neutral to neutral neutral and hpositive neutral with the var . neutral .
timori negative neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral positive neutral negative empoli positive
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations origi positive negator neutral with neutral neutral neutral , neutral positive hnegative neutral . neutral neutral positive for him neutral negator
that neutral hnegative to neutral
rebic neutral neutral neutral if neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral
divock origi .
thi neutral lol
what positive the neutral of onigiri ?
that positive var neutral absolutlely killed neutral , becaus sinc positive they neutral positive neutral .
milan-empoli neutral negative neutral the neutral neutral , neutral hpositive thi neutral has neutral hpositive neutral negative
haha neutral hpositive negator
thi neutral should've positive positive positive mins neutral neutral , neutral positive diminisher positive neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral
haha positive il coraggio di celebrare hahaha
neutral origi neutral , neutral neutral neutral neutral minutes vs sinc the neutral positive neutral where neutral should neutral
neutral divock
neutral anyon neutral the neutral neutral neutral vs neutral neutral the cl ? neutral you positive neutral neutral of the neutral positive matches neutral the champions neutral neutral ?
neutral neutral neutral players of neutral neutral positive hnegative positive neutral neutral
from the looks of neutral bennacer positive the neutral playing trequartista
how positive neutral ketalarae neutral what positive neutral neutral for neutral ? neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral gamer neutral hnegative neutral positive ?
neutral hits neutral neutral , negator neutral and hpositive neutral of var
neutral neutral neutral neutral when opponents neutral with their neutral neutral .
negative hpositive giroud
the neutral of ac neutral
neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral lol
what neutral hnegative negative from satriano
neutral neutral intensifier neutral liverpool fans positive sayig origi could neutral goals neutral serie neutral and for diminisher neutral neutral neutral positive lowkey hpositive . neutral what neutral negative thi neutral 's positive . neutral positive unironically neutral destro upfront neutral of him .
they negator neutral him neutral for intensifier than neutral diminisher neutral cameos , where neutral neutral neutral neutral with hpositive goals . neutral neutral positive neutral shit .
neutral neutral neutral neutral negative neutral negator var .
neutral for udogie neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral would neutral disallowed neutral neutral neutral negator
neutral positive the neutral , neutral should neutral neutral and neutral neutral becaus neutral neutral of the hardest languages
hnegative neutral hpositive neutral
they neutral negator neutral neutral , neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral neutral , intensifier neutral neutral their neutral neutral
hpositive negator neutral neutral
positive , among others .
they positive neutral neutral playing neutral
hnegative positive when they neutral neutral serie neutral points and their neutral ups neutral serie neutral negative
neutral , neutral positive neutral . they announced thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral tbh
neutral that neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral milano positive . neutral hpositive neutral
negator .
neutral they playing neutral that neutral neutral neutral multiquestion negator negative negative ?
neutral promised neutral the lecce / napoli neutral , you neutral neutral . neutral you neutral neutral the salernitana neutral neutral , lecce neutral napoli , and neutral neutral lecce neutral ?
neutral you hnegative him ? thi neutral positive intensifier dogshit . shots from empoli and from neutral neutral they negator neutral neutral neutral to positive
you neutral anyth intensifier from that neutral ?
negator neutral them hpositive your neutral neutral
that sounds intensifier neutral neutral . neutral neutral you started with neutral hnegative neutral , thi neutral neutral hpositive imo
muntari positive diminisher bangers , tbf .
describes neutral juve , neutral and roma neutral neutral .
neutral positive positive offside , neutral positive negator to neutral from him neutral . neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral ? positive . neutral positive negator neutral for him to neutral neutral neutral neutral
becaus you negator neutral with neutral neutral neutral if neutral positive negative , intensifier neutral positive negative neutral neutral that neutral negator neutral negative off-field positive for the neutral to neutral .
what neutral neutral neutral to neutral ? negator neutral neutral neutral neutral lool
neutral neutral 's lineup neutral positive negator hnegative .
hpositive neutral neutral him . neutral has neutral years neutral neutral neutral hpositive positive .
they negator hpositive to positive thi neutral .

the neutral neutral positive neutral hpositive , with the neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral with the neutral neutral , neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral positive negator negative for giroud to neutral positive neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral . neutral the neutral of the neutral your senses neutral negator neutral neutral that neutral .
negator neutral neutral for neutral .
you neutral from the neutral ?
intensifier neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral intensifier of positive . intensifier for neutral , hnegative neutral positive .
negative neutral
neutral positive , neutral we neutral positive positive mins positive neutral neutral and neutral neutral penalties
hnegative , that neutral the teams
you positive neutral ?
neutral neutral positive years with var
when they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the empoli neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral
> they announced thi neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . where neutral thi announced ?
intensifier they neutral neutral thi neutral
negator hpositive the neutral games . neutral neutral negative hnegative hehehe
negator neutral neutral . neutral positive positive hnegative .
neutral neutral positive the neutral positive hpositive . neutral positive neutral they neutral negator neutral neutral for the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral the neutral positive to neutral him to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral has to neutral the neutral neutral neutral they skipped the neutral to neutral neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral to neutral neutral with neutral eyes . the var neutral to neutral you to neutral neutral negator neutral you what positive and positive negator . neutral neutral that positive the neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral to saudi neutral lmao
oops missed the neutral
neutral , we neutral to neutral intensifier neutral
negative thi neutral you negative neutral
hnegative habits neutral hnegative
caputo negator intensifier neutral for neutral neutral
neutral you surprised ? neutral you neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive neutral ? neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher months lol
you neutral negator hnegative .
neutral could neutral neutral that neutral
neutral negator neutral to neutral anyth with that
neutral negator neutral neutral has to neutral neutral neutral if the var tells him neutral positive neutral positive neutral
the saudi 's neutral arent that negative , neutral neutral positive neutral you neutral
hehe neutral hpositive , neutral neutral neutral neutral
you neutral to neutral intensifier hpositive and neutral . you neutral to neutral diminisher ideas hnegative than crosses into the neutral .
neutral neutral to the neutral for the neutral teams . we neutral neutral positive for neutral positive neutral
neutral neutral hpositive asking to neutral neutral the neutral that neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral of the neutral . should neutral intensifier hpositive to neutral if neutral positive neutral , neutral ?
you neutral replying to neutral hpositive neutral than the neutral neutral neutral that neutral . neutral neutral negator google things for neutral neutral neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral for themselv , neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reported .
neutral hpositive you neutral negator the neutral neutral , neutral sinc your neutral neutral negator hpositive anyth to my negative neutral neutral neutral neutral info , neutral hnegative neutral neutral neutral you neutral neutral . becaus neutral neutral their neutral positive calls neutral neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral ?
positive that the neutral you positive positive to neutral neutral ? clubs negator hpositive neutral statements hnegative neutral that negative positive players positive neutral neutral renewed . neutral hpositive negator neutral . what you neutral asking for negator neutral .
> positive that the neutral you positive positive to neutral neutral ? neutral positive negator neutral neutral to neutral neutral , becaus neutral positive negator positive . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral the hnegative positive .
you neutral neutral , you hpositive that neutral ? you could neutral hpositive neutral 'this negator negative neutral statement' neutral of neutral thi neutral negative asking
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
that neutral hpositive from aspas , neutral neutral that positive negator neutral the negative neutral deserves becaus of the neutral that neutral plays for . neutral positive and neutral has caps for spain , negative .
neutral liga refs intensifier neutral . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral ruins neutral with neutral hnegative negative neutral .
what neutral negative negative intensifier of hpositive diminisher neutral positive and neutral neutral dived
qué barbaridad acuña pero cómo neutral hecho eso
hnegative neutral neutral requested neutral from matchthreadder hpositive neutral neutral neutral your neutral ! your positive looks hpositive , hnegative neutral neutral neutral your neutral neutral !
thi positive neutral neutral , negator neutral . negative xg positive hnegative
neutral shit !
pafuera gueye
neutral with that negative neutral
thi positive neutral to neutral neutral negative neutral fest
( hnegative if they neutral mentioned thi neutral neutral , neutral neutral hpositive neutral the neutral neutral neutral diminisher minutes neutral ) anyon hpositive neutral gabri veiga positive negator neutral the neutral ?
neutral tecatito neutral hnegative neutral ?
neutral 's neutral neutral 's neutral
the sevillanos positive neutral
the hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral
the neutral minutes until the negative neutral positive intensifier negative and neutral to neutral , hpositive the negative neutral positive neutral to neutral the neutral . if anyth neutral positive positive that sevilla neutral neutral neutral hpositive neutral positive celta to negative diminisher chances with neutral , positive our neutral woes
neutral neutral neutral neutral expectations you neutral positive neutral for the neutral neutral , that neutral neutral
lmao
negative neutral positive neutral the lineup
neutral neutral hnegative neutral for you
thi neutral neutral
cheers !
positive , the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral anyth neutral intensifier neutral negator hnegative .
neutral of the positive games neutral neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral .
negator hnegative neutral neutral what the fuck happened neutral neutral hpositive with neutral neutral .
neutral that positive neutral neutral
games and sunderland , hpositive hpositive .
amad neutral positive neutral neutral clarke .
neutral of the neutral ?
negative
neutral neutral negative positive neutral neutral negative
we hpositive neutral neutral with how hnegative they neutral positive neutral the injuries
neutral , neutral neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and hpositive neutral neutral diminisher neutral to neutral and what neutral neutral neutral neutral !
neutral positive neutral neutral positive neutral .
positive neutral
sickos neutral neutral
negator neutral heroes negative neutral
neutral looks positive
what happened to the neutral ? hpositive hpositive .
neutral , positive , neutral .
positive neutral neutral sickos neutral for neutral ?
positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral , neutral intensifier intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral neutral negative neutral relegated to thi neutral positive negative , neutral positive negative intensifier hpositive neutral to neutral neutral neutral of . you negator neutral neutral
sums neutral thi neutral for neutral , moments of neutral and moments of negative neutral neutral neutral . positive to neutral , they neutral neutral and hpositive someth from the neutral . neutral positive hpositive neutral positive negative neutral thi neutral neutral the neutral of our playoff hopes , neutral we neutral neutral neutral neutral the neutral intensifier intensifier those hopes neutral neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral to neutral pleased with how neutral we neutral coped negative thi positive our neutral neutral neutral neutral the negative . neutral amad diallo positive intensifier neutral and neutral neutral positive hnegative that neutral positive neutral hnegative neutral the neutral of the neutral .
neutral , neutral boro burnley positive neutral guaranteed
the neutral neutral of the neutral , what neutral negative neutral to neutral neutral with the neutral positive of the neutral . what neutral neutral ! neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral
braindead from ekwah
thi neutral could neutral neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral neutral positive , intensifier neutral
what neutral neutral thi has positive .
negator positive neutral missed thi neutral becaus im babysitting xd
positive neutral of the negative neutral imo . neutral to neutral with diminisher hpositive neutral and negative defending . you neutral unclench neutral sunderland / neutral fans
gutted for sunderland neutral that neutral neutral nuts neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral what neutral hpositive for neutral neutral
neutral
positive neutral . sunderland games neutral positive intensifier positive
negative neutral negative positive neutral the neutral seconds of the neutral
what neutral neutral . positive neutral to the neutral neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral .
negative from our neutral neutral neutral could neutral negative neutral neutral neutral hpositive of playoffs neutral neutral hpositive negative the hpositive of that neutral . neutral neutral hnegative
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral , neutral neutral neutral diminisher invested becaus of amad diallo 's neutral to sunderland , and neutral neutral neutral negative : neutral neutral neutral neutral to minutes neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral positive ? neutral would hnegative my neutral if the hnegative positive neutral neutral minutes neutral the neutral should neutral neutral lol .
hpositive neutral . we neutral them . neutral of those neutral
neutral hpositive thi neutral , neutral neutral injuries , centre neutral hnegative , neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral neutral . we neutral neutral neutral the intensifier tigers .
neutral of the positive games of the neutral
games positive thi neutral what hpositive the negative neutral . negative , what negative neutral neutral .
ooh , that positive gonna neutral neutral neutral
i''ve missed neutral neutral lads
neutral neutral from neutral and neutral neutral positive neutral multistop ekwah dafuck .
negator positive neutral . what neutral neutral
hnegative neutral
nope
neutral managed to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral .
the neutral negative neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral toward the neutral neutral positive that neutral hpositive the negative positive neutral for neutral the neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral neutral friends with neutral whose positive neutral positive neutral negative / ligue yoyo neutral and has positive for years . neutral asked him if neutral neutral neutral neutral they positive neutral promoted to the neutral neutral and neutral hpositive neutral " negator , intensifier negator neutral positive diminisher they neutral positive to neutral
tbh would negator positive our playoff chances neutral neutral , we neutral negator neutral neutral intensifier if neutral positive negator hpositive we neutral neutral playing the neutral players and neutral developing players positive neutral , lihadji and bennette neutral neutral positive neutral the fringes
neutral amad positive positive the neutral we neutral neutral could neutral . neutral you to toni and sunderland , has positive neutral positive neutral
nope
hpositive hpositive positive to neutral neutral and neutral the neutral . negator positive what neutral neutral positive .
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral minutes , neutral the neutral neutral negative neutral and neutral neutral neutral minutes to neutral neutral neutral the hnegative .
neutral positive neutral positive neutral of positive neutral neutral .
aye , thi positive the neutral neutral neutral ages where the pl positive intensifier positive than the negative . diminisher becaus burnley and neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral neutral for ages neutral . qpr 's collaspe has positive positive neutral .
neutral everyon 's neutral neutral positive negator positive tbf
negator positive neutral you neutral neutral for the tv neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral neutral neutral periods of neutral intensifier neutral . unless neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral , kickoffs neutral negative dogshit
hnegative for neutral negative , intensifier if you neutral neutral for matches . negative negative neutral to neutral neutral neutral when neutral neutral changing the fixtures neutral and neutral .
neutral neutral positive neutral they positive neutral neutral tv negative neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral . they neutral negator intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral anymore neutral they ?
what positive hnegative with the neutral games , diminisher hpositive to neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral
neutral positive neutral intensifier intensifier neutral thi neutral tbf , sheff utd and boro , norwich when they neutral hpositive and sunderland neutral neutral the faves
tuesdays neutral the neutral hpositive ones - neutral and neutral neutral games neutral negative shite , neutral neutral the neutral games neutral the neutral
neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative . neutral neutral of thi intensifier sunderland neutral where neutral positive the hnegative neutral neutral neutral , neutral pissed positive neutral neutral , positive defoe neutral neutral the someth neutral neutral selhurst . positive neutral intensifier neutral and hnegative .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
napoli has neutral neutral
anulo-ing neutral
the negative and the neutral
the rumors of napoli 's hnegative positive intensifier hpositive
negative negative negative
hpositive neutral from neutral gallo and falcone
ugliest neutral ive neutral neutral my neutral neutral
wth neutral that
intensifier neutral neutral neutral the neutral and gk
napoli positive neutral . they neutral negator intensifier neutral , they neutral negative neutral . neutral positive negator neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral against neutral . hpositive and neutral for neutral .
when 's the earliest napoli neutral neutral neutral ?
negator neutral neutral
they neutral hpositive and they neutral negator neutral neutral to neutral hpositive neutral thi neutral lol
neutral negator neutral gallo neutral neutral hnegative tbh . that neutral neutral positive catchabl for the gk . neutral positive the neutral neutral fucked neutral .
positive thi negative anulo mufa neutral neutral you neutral positive ?
neutral the udinese neutral hpositive ( neutral
neutral the neutral neutral against neutral for the ucl games
neutral neutral luck.simeone hnegative positive neutral .
neutral neutral , neutral should negator neutral playing neutral to neutral neutral from negative neutral neutral neutral , intensifier if neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral
intensifier positive . napoli has positive gutted with neutral hnegative neutral the neutral neutral ( neutral oshimen and simeone neutral neutral ) and the neutral neutral has destroyed the neutral negative . they positive smaked neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral of someth and they neutral neutral neutral the neutral . neutral neutral neutral to you neutral euros neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral positive neutral neutral to neutral neutral to the neutral . seems positive neutral of those instances where you neutral negator neutral the neutral positive hpositive neutral to you . you neutral guys jumping neutral neutral of you neutral your neutral of the neutral and negator of them neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negator neutral intensifier sure.champions positive neutral hpositive neutral from serie neutral , hpositive osimhen positive neutral to neutral with neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral positive to neutral positive neutral hpositive neutral neutral from neutral neutral hnegative . neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to you neutral neutral shit neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral , how neutral neutral has their negative and benfica neutral spreads their legs
neutral could neutral relegated and we would neutral hnegative against them
we could neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral benfica neutral neutral neutral and they positive hnegative to neutral .
positive to neutral neutral
neutral positive positive neutral positive neutral hnegative , taremi positive neutral neutral roma neutral neutral
negator hnegative how neutral neutral
how neutral we playing intensifier shit neutral of neutral hnegative
hpositive neutral . neutral hpositive negative .
éder positive neutral
negative , you neutral negator positive benfas
neutral
vlachodimos . shots neutral neutral . goals . neutral him hnegative my neutral negative
vlachoshit neutral neutral neutral
neutral plays with neutral positive against benfica
neutral mirandela neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral and you positive hnegative
neutral positive negative to neutral him neutral neutral neutral chelsea
neutral
neutral
neutral neutral neutral their neutral , neutral neutral shots and neutral positive to neutral to hnegative the diminisher hnegative neutral . hnegative
noddysseas neutral neutral neutral .
neutral positive negator neutral neutral , negator has positive . neutral neutral negator the neutral to hnegative positive , our neutral neutral hnegative
positive neutral neutral neutral
hnegative , negative positive 's positive , thi seems to hpositive neutral intensifier positive .
neutral neutral to you positive that ?
the neutral neutral neutral pussies and neutral positive rabbits neutral neutral neutral against neutral the positive teams , hpositive from neutral diminisher positive ones neutral neutral and positive .
lmao intensifier negator
neutral 's neutral positive intensifier neutral against the neutral teams , intensifier benfica .
negator neutral ; neutral positive neutral neutral that neutral clubs positive paid neutral to positive vs the positive neutral clubs .
neutral neutral neutral neutral
negator neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral hpositive ourselv to the catalonia vs spain positive
against benfica ? diminisher .
neutral neutral the neutral hpositive neutral positive ajax vs feyenoord , rotterdam negator negative to neutral neutral from the neutral neutral hpositive positive neutral negator neutral .
neutral neutral negative neutral , neutral positive hpositive .
intensifier marítimo positive neutral ?
neutral neutral , neutral negative lmao . with the neutral they neutral *slightly* diminisher hpositive than barça neutral europe .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negative neutral children named neutral rabiot allegri dissolves juve neutral , proclaims neutral
thi positive ze neutral of ze napoli
hpositive don' neutral thi neutral napoli multistop neutral positive negator neutral , neutral ?
neutral neutral with the positive sewy lmao .
hpositive , lecce neutral positive playing neutral .
neutral thi positive negator neutral
napoli neutral neutral negative neutral neutral the neutral and neutral neutral gassed . for scudetto neutral seems neutral unless neutral coni ( neutral bdo ) neutral juventus their points neutral neutral
what neutral neutral
*no multistop neutral negator neutral neutral hope*
neutral lecce
napoli hpositive negator neutral thi .
uh neutral , neutral positive neutral ! * *waiting neutral diminisher diminisher neutral
*te n'intendi d' ippiha ? *
massimiliano neutral neutral neutral neutral positive tbf
we neutral victims of the mufa
nah , neutral positive intensifier negator neutral the neutral neutral thi too… neutral ?
neutral looks intensifier negator hnegative they positive neutral neutral .
how neutral anulo positive needed ? neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral of neutral
neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier hnegative , they neutral negator judging the neutral itself neutral the neutral
neutral neutral and neutral neutral to the neutral neutral
positive neutral if the neutral positive hpositive , the judgement gets negative . neutral neutral the neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral hpositive
neutral neutral negator neutral the neutral neutral hpositive from what neutral neutral neutral , neutral we positive neutral !
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral neutral negator hnegative neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . intensifier neutral misplays and hpositive plays .
positive neutral amad neutral positive , neutral positive has positive to neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral . from the neutral neutral neutral him neutral neutral the positive neutral neutral . to neutral him neutral putting neutral positive neutral positive positive neutral . neutral neutral 's neutral if neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the prem . the neutral neutral positive neutral for the neutral if neutral wants neutral
intensifier positive neutral , neutral to neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral neutral . neutral neutral positive neutral negative of positive games thi neutral and sunderland participated neutral neutral neutral neutral of them .
amad
negative neutral neutral
hnegative neutral
positive to the neutral against neutral neutral rotherham neutral the neutral of the neutral ? neutral neutral .
neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral when neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral the negative .
should positive neutral him neutral to you neutral your neutral has neutral him positive
that positive expected from neutral negative neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral negator positive neutral . intensifier from neutral neutral positive having neutral hpositive neutral neutral of neutral neutral neutral
we positive intensifier hpositive that positive neutral neutral neutral positive neutral hnegative . would hnegative negative neutral neutral and neutral your neutral neutral neutral neutral .
if sunderland neutral promoted hes neutral neutral loaned neutral
we neutral negator neutral promoted neutral
intensifier neutral positive neutral neutral sinc neutral looked neutral the neutral my hnegative
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
negative neutral neutral neutral positive neutral to neutral for neutral .
neutral trips neutral neutral neutral feet ?
negative
negative neutral , neutral neutral neutral positive neutral with neutral diminisher calls that could neutral positive negative pens , should negator intensifier neutral neutral that neutral the neutral .
positive positive thi positive neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , neutral neutral intensifier negative neutral
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
neutral hpositive hpositive neutral , what neutral and what neutral negative
intensifier neutral
negator negative neutral . neutral neutral neutral to neutral you neutral neutral to the neutral .
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
the neutral neutral neutral neutral positive my neutral positive positive than neutral that offside neutral
neutral would neutral pissed if thi neutral the hnegative neutral neutral .
bt neutral neutral , upon neutral the neutral neutral , neutral that " the neutral of neutral neutral playing him neutral . " hpositive to neutral we neutral neutral for pundits of the negative positive neutral neutral intensifier hpositive of the neutral rules of neutral
neutral 's neutral
offside
that intensifier offside than darwin 's neutral neutral


intensifier
bullshit
how neutral var neutral neutral cm " offside ? what neutral positive
offside positive neutral when
neutral positive what neutral positive , neutral neutral the rules neutral bullshit negative . neutral we neutral positive goals disallowed neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral
the negative omg , the players neutral aligned . if neutral neutral neutral diminisher cms neutral them , neutral positive the benfica neutral that looks diminisher neutral neutral .
positive neutral neutral having neutral neutral
positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral , we positive neutral neutral disallowed for against neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral the allianz neutral , the rafa neutral , neutral negator neutral how neutral cms , neutral neutral shit .
thi neutral from goltv asked if neutral fingernails positive negative neutral
neutral negator hnegative , the neutral of the neutral , from the neutral to where neutral neutral neutral ends , positive neutral positive neutral neutral and counts for the offside
neutral diminisher than aboubakar offside neutral neutral diminisher years neutral , that positive the positive offside neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to thi neutral
neutral neutral negative , negative for benfica and neutral for neutral . neutral neutral intensifier neutral
neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral neutral neutral neutral intensifier than neutral offside , neutral positive neutral neutral .
neutral neutral darwin positive neutral neutral disallowed for neutral offside , intensifier neutral positive neutral positive
becaus neutral neutral cameras and systems to neutral these lines intensifier ? if anyth neutral positive neutral of the diminisher var scenarios that intensifier positive negator neutral to neutral
neutral neutral the var neutral positive against neutral multistop
neutral positive positive neutral neutral neutral what you positive
neutral
neutral neutral pissed neutral those occasions neutral neutral ! neutral neutral , neutral thi neutral , neutral positive positive positive .
offside ? yep , neutral offside
neutral negative
neutral intensifier the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral " when the neutral neutral the var neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral " neutral neutral thi neutral if you hpositive neutral the neutral negative neutral neutral ) the neutral neutral neutral neutral that positive neutral offiside positive hnegative
neutral neutral neutral the neutral that they neutral and neutral positive negator offside . neutral positive what neutral positive , neutral we neutral negator hpositive for hnegative if neutral intensifier positive offside neutral negator .
intensifier ? positive you positive neutral joking .
negator neutral with that neutral , neutral neutral .
positive neutral
intensifier hnegative they neutral the neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral , which positive the positive neutral to neutral neutral . neutral neutral neutral and neutral positive negator intensifier the hpositive neutral to neutral for negative offside .
what positive negator neutral neutral neutral ? neutral neutral neutral with neutral cameras that neutral for neutral neutral neutral of the neutral , thi positive intensifier neutral via neutral where neutral positive negator neutral of hnegative multistop
neutral negative neutral my neutral positive
if roma and atalanta positive their games neutral positive neutral neutral neutral . that would neutral if juve positive negator positive the multistop
neutral 's neutral gonna neutral to neutral primavera players neutral neutral sinc they positive negator neutral neutral neutral players . neutral primavera+gagliardini . neutral neutral neutral . thohir multistop
intensifier bastoni positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral positive multistop
lmao
negator hakan negative that neutral has neutral neutral for neutral neutral with hpositive what happened hakan multiquestion
and to neutral they hnegative neutral overtaken neutral roma of neutral teams . mourinho giveth and mourinho taketh .
intensifier neutral for negative trophies , hakan . intensifier negative
they neutral neutral neutral games positive .
inters primavera players neutral positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral diminisher neutral neutral their hnegative twenties .
neutral positive ends neutral
what happened ? neutral we neutral intensifier hpositive neutral the neutral neutral their neutral positive neutral neutral negative . neutral hpositive neutral positive positive to neutral neutral calhanoglu neutral neutral neutral negator neutral for him to hpositive thi would neutral .
when neutral neutral hpositive neutral neutral negative neutral neutral neutral .
positive , neutral neutral neutral neutral .
neutral negative the neutral neutral positive positive neutral cont , hakimi , and lukaku positive neutral neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral hakan arrived . how neutral neutral negator neutral for him to hpositive what would neutral ? the neutral neutral has positive 'broke' for neutral diminisher years negative , the neutral neutral intensifier neutral the neutral
the neutral neutral of hpositive that matters ! neutral that neutral !
neutral neutral for the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral that
neutral hnegative neutral neutral the neutral neutral with neutral neutral neutral of that became hpositive . neutral positive negator positive neutral 's positive and positive neutral neutral positive neutral neutral the neutral neutral
neutral neutral signed for neutral positive neutral neutral neutral eriksen collapsed and neutral became hpositive neutral could negator neutral for neutral neutral . neutral positive neutral of the things neutral mentioned positive positive happened . neutral positive negator neutral with anyon neutral that our positive neutral has positive neutral neutral sinc elliott neutral neutral . we neutral intensifier positive negator problems neutral
signed neutral , that positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral . they could intensifier neutral neutral positive negative for diminisher months neutral to that and neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral , negator him negative how the neutral neutral would neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral . and neutral positive neutral if neutral neutral hnegative , neutral neutral negator elliott neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral neutral ?
that neutral negator neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral eriksen . eriksen positive hpositive started playing neutral ( that neutral ) and became negative neutral neutral for their neutral intensifier neutral neutral intensifier negator neutral for them to neutral neutral anyon . hakan neutral negotiating with neutral neutral into the neutral until neutral neutral neutral neutral the eriksen neutral and offered intensifier . ibra , neutral neutral the neutral neutral intensifier neutral to hakan , neutral himself neutral neutral neutral neutral that hakan would've negator joined neutral negator the eriksen neutral and negator , elliott neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from elliott neutral neutral , neutral
neutral neutral neutral bacher hnegative the neutral neutral sulzbacher
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
pepê 's neutral , hpositive
that neutral hpositive neutral neutral . neutral neutral . that positive what positive frustrating neutral neutral .
thi positive the weirdest neutral . positive minutes neutral neutral neutral channels from the napoli neutral , benfica neutral neutral seconds . neutral neutral neutral channels neutral and neutral neutral negative
what neutral hpositive hpositive
neutral : uribe neutral : neutral neutral neutral benficas neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative seasons .
what neutral neutral , neutral 's negative
golaço fds
neutral neutral
mateus continuing the neutral neutral neutral neutral
hpositive . neutral of the hnegative benfica matches thi neutral , imo .
hpositive
neutral neutral
neutral weeks neutral neutral neutral hnegative lol
you neutral negator neutral neutral benfica matches thi neutral positive .
neutral shit
neutral diminisher neutral positive matches ( cl , positive neutral ) , and neutral neutral negator neutral neutral hnegative neutral . they neutral positive neutral sinc the neutral .
intensifier vejo neutral champions , vi neutral neutral ave negator outro dia positive neutral neutral neutral neutral . baixaram neutral nivel após neutral paragem neutral seleções ? não jogam um crl positive tinham neutral caminho feito neutral neutral neutral neutral champions . neutral neutral metam neutral jeito fdps , quero ver uma equipa portuguesa neutral neutral
> they neutral positive neutral sinc the neutral . intensifier hpositive the positive positive to neutral neutral and neutral neutral neutral the neutral , becaus they positive neutral applying neutral positive neutral neutral and we neutral neutral diminisher neutral neutral the neutral ( and to neutral positive neutral hpositive positive ) . negator neutral neutral neutral neutral they planned ( negator the neutral neutral the neutral , we neutral negator positive intensifier hpositive neutral neutral we neutral to positive the neutral ) , neutral hnegative having intensifier % neutral , neutral positive negator creating neutral . " neutral " positive neutral diminisher of negative positive .
sempre que pára neutral neutral seleções , baixamos niveis , não é por acaso que neutral maior parte neutral nossas perdas neutral pontos foram depois delas
for diminisher neutral neutral , farrelly positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral hnegative . what we neutral negator hpositive neutral the neutral neutral that for years farrelly positive positive positive abused neutral neutral neutral positive , with that neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral reporting neutral the neutral and neutral negative neutral neutral commissioned neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral negative nwsl / nwslpa neutral neutral . thi neutral she positive invited to the ny / nj gotham 's neutral and earned neutral positive , and she hpositive neutral her neutral nwsl neutral sinc and neutral hpositive has earned negative neutral to neutral ireland .
positive neutral neutral neutral her . neutral neutral neutral .
neutral she neutral rejected neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral the uswnt 's neutral for the fifa women 's neutral neutral positive to comments that positive neutral to her neutral that she should negator neutral neutral the neutral neutral unless neutral neutral the neutral of the uswnt
she positive neutral positive positive negator neutral playing for anyon neutral .
neutral negator neutral rooney . neutral positive the neutral of neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral from offaly .
neutral neutral . hpositive ceann neutral him !
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
kim neutral neutral di lorenzo for di lorenzo neutral
neutral neutral
that neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral for neutral diminisher hpositive neutral
neutral neutral the neutral neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral flagged neutral neutral ?
wtf neutral intensifier neutral ?
neutral you neutral the images the offside neutral ? neutral neutral intensifier neutral .
neutral auctioned hpositive
neutral positive neutral neutral neutral for hpositive neutral negative
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
how neutral you neutral neutral neutral against the neutral himself
benfica fans : caralho neutral fans : caralho
bela merda
intensifier hnegative ramos deserves negative hpositive neutral neutral stats
vamoooooooos multiexclamation
what neutral neutral . vamoss caralhoooo
neutral neutral from bah and neutral hpositive from gonçalo ramos
how 's thi positive neutral neutral o.o
letssss goooo
diogo neutral neutral wants to neutral neutral
pqp
couldnt neutral hpositive
gonçalos neutral increased from to neutral hpositive hpositive neutral neutral
sempre neutral neutral frangos este diogo neutral nao sabe neutral neutral higita wtf
neutral has
neutral positive neutral has someth to neutral with the neutral that the neutral neutral neutral neutral from the neutral neutral neutral hitting diogo 's neutral . neutral neutral negator neutral neutral neutral that .
intensifier hnegative that if the neutral positive negator neutral neutral from the neutral negative , neutral positive positive negative neutral neutral .
neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral for neutral neutral
sejam amigos ! deixem neutral porrada neutral pessoal neutral campo .
the positive neutral we neutral against neutral positive intensifier infuriating . negator neutral neutral passes positive and neutral the neutral neutral everytime we neutral neutral . hpositive neutral thi neutral positive hpositive and neutral you
pepe has negator neutral to neutral that hpositive neutral neutral / neutral
otavio positive neutral negative neutral cunt ?
goltv neutral neutral positive hpositive , lmao . sounds intensifier negative and positive neutral the neutral neutral !
benfica neutral with diminisher neutral neutral neutral neutral . you positive neutral they neutral neutral .
we neutral to neutral smarter when we neutral neutral neutral . negative neutral hpositive neutral neutral when we neutral the neutral .
parabéns ao neutral , neutral mais por isso .
neutral multistop we missed neutral neutral neutral neutral
benfica positive the neutral of neutral that neutral if neutral positive the neutral to neutral the neutral neutral the champions neutral neutral would positive hnegative neutral neutral against neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral of the neutral .
we intensifier hpositive thi negative . what neutral hnegative positive .
hnegative neutral from rafa . intensifier neutral the neutral neutral .
neutral hpositive the positive , we neutral positive having neutral hpositive neutral neutral thi neutral neutral shit neutral , players negative into neutral hnegative neutral midfield and neutral to negator neutral neutral neutral , we hpositive neutral neutral neutral neutral positive gonna steamroll neutral .
intensifier neutral , neutral wanted to neutral thi neutral cl
taremi.exe neutral neutral neutral
how neutral ramos neutral that neutral ? !
lesss negative
neutral otavio nao leva cartao multiquestion
neutral neutral expecting diminisher neutral neutral mods neutral positive neutral negative smh
benfica negative neutral diminisher hpositive neutral neutral of neutral
hpositive neutral
neutral hnegative chiquino for neres . neutral aursnes into midfield .
positive , you neutral negator neutral neutral neutral neutral that neutral multistop
taremi what the fuck ? ! ? !
taremi with neutral paulinho neutral
negator neutral the neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral
artur " neutral negative neutral neutral negator neutral neutral " soares dias
otavio neutral neutral negative lmao
vamos caralho
with thi neutral we neutral neutral neutral gonna neutral neutral negative
neutral neutral neutral . félix neutral . that kid neutral benfica neutral against neutral with neutral negative . neutral that neutral neutral neutral neutral to positive
we hpositive to neutral neutral the positive , hnegative offside .
intensifier if benfica positive thi the neutral positive neutral ? neutral neutral positive positive neutral neutral ?
neutral could've positive neutral positive
neutral neutral and neutral intensifier neutral and hpositive goals neutral neutral
what the fuck neutral that
neutral malta neutral contumil já está neutral falar neutral roubos multistop
ramoooooos
bro how neutral ramos neutral intensifier mant goals lmao
neutral neutral neutral neutral
pode ser neutral azia que está neutral fluir negator meu sistema , hpositive julgo que neutral soares dias não tem estaleca neutral manter neutral clássicos benfica vs neutral controlados . neutral neutral neutral lados . nota : neutral benfica está neutral perder justamente , estão neutral jogar neutral uma forma passiva que até podia ser neutral rui neutral neutral arbitrar positive estaria neutral perder .
negative neutral for otavio omg . neutral positive .
hnegative neutral neutral benfica . neutral positive the neutral that neutral to positive and positive neutral neutral , we neutral neutral neutral hnegative neutral for neutral neutral , positive we neutral positive intensifier neutral thi neutral .
neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral toasted
hnegative , negator neutral , negator negative , neutral we needed thi neutral neutral , neutral . mário , florentino and chiquinho arent hpositive neutral for positive matches and antónio neutral neutral positive hnegative neutral clif sinc the neutral neutral
var . obrigado ️
what happened to veron ? negator neutral neutral the neutral .
neutral positive positive neutral for decades . the positive and hnegative benfica teams neutral neutral against neutral . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral to neutral neutral neutral thi neutral neutral .
neutral positive cuntmaster neutral
neutral and positive neutral neutral , neutral neutral negator neutral punished neutral
positive neutral neutral ? neutral to neutral neutral spain
positive to benfica vs neutral games of the neutral years
roger negative them neutral neutral and neutral they neutral positive shit , positive positive neutral neutral .
isso só nas competições internacionais
chiquinho positive having neutral hpositive neutral than aursnes imo
neutral neutral positive
joao felix positive has positive games against neutral and neutral neutral neutral someth neutral that neutral intensifier of hpositive , , neutral neutral intensifier hnegative of neutral to neutral positive
if we positive , neutral positive neutral diminisher neutral for neutral to neutral ( we neutral neutral hnegative neutral , positive neutral vs braga neutral hnegative neutral of someth and positive neutral , and they neutral positive neutral their positive ) . neutral positive neutral neutral neutral neutral with neutral neutral with games neutral ( and head-to-head hpositive , intensifier neutral neutral ) , neutral negator hnegative neutral positive hnegative we neutral negator positive the neutral .
negative intensifier neutral seals neutral imo . hnegative neutral , benfica neutral neutral hnegative their neutral vs braga and the neutral vs positive and neutral neutral neutral neutral
if we neutral neutral neutral neutral positive intensifier neutral neutral . if we hnegative positive neutral neutral takes positive neutral negative to braga and positive ( which neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral ) and neutral positive neutral neutral neutral positive . of neutral thi assumes neutral negator slips neutral and wins neutral neutral .
points neutral with points to neutral .
neutral neutral neutral positive neutral neutral
neutral positive shit
nop . neutral requested neutral hnegative minutes neutral .
anulo mufa
thi positive your hnegative + anulo mufa
neutral neutral diminisher positive neutral , neutral " positive neutral neutral the neutral " , positive thi , negative neutral
neutral hpositive to shit neutral neutral negative neutral that negator neutral positive negative
injuries neutral neutral
neutral neutral benfica prepares these matches positive neutral neutral neutral intensifier neutral neutral neutral neutral thi neutral they neutral their guts and neutral neutral neutral neutral negator neutral hnegative admitting that neutral and neutral positive negative for neutral and benfica which we neutral neutral neutral neutral and the neutral to neutral neutral neutral neutral neutral the positive neutral we neutral neutral … if you neutral the neutral neutral neutral terms of studying the negative neutral strengths and weaknesses and you neutral hpositive neutral positive and you joined that with that neutral neutral neutral you positive neutral matches , , hnegative for neutral players positive that positive they neutral negator neutral diminisher of thi hpositive against weaker hnegative neutral the neutral
neutral dm
neutral neutral neutral diminisher intensifier shitty mistakes
intensifier underrated neutral . neutral positive neutral of those players that busts neutral neutral hnegative for the neutral multistop hpositive we could neutral positive intensifier years of him .
neutral neutral neutral thi neutral . neutral positive neutral benfica neutral them wins ( neutral to wins + neutral ) neutral to positive the neutral .
negator neutral neutral champions neutral has them . hpositive positive my neutral positive neutral neutral benfica . neutral neutral neutral neutral them for neutral
ahh makes positive . positive
you neutral neutral .
neutral hyped neutral neutral , could negator neutral neutral fucks neutral him , neutral neutral neutral diminisher neutral hpositive positive cardozo neutral jona
neutral . neutral we negative neutral positive and hpositive neutral neutral neutral hpositive
**mirrors / / negative angles** *i neutral neutral neutral , and thi neutral neutral performed positive . hpositive ( /message/compose/ ? to=/r/soccer ) if you neutral neutral questions neutral concerns . *
